sarcastic I can not believe my eyes, or my ears.... The Jonas Brothers have once again blessed the world. These tunes are exactly what my melody starved soul needed. I was this close to losing my sanity and being unable to perform life's basic functions of walking, talking, and blinking. Thank heavens the release date was not pushed back.   I am concerned that the stereo in Mom's 86 Yugo can do this CD justice. Maybe if I jerry rig the home speakers and put them in the back seat I can gain some respect. Some Jonas Brothers RESPECT... It is essential that the music be loud for me... It has to penetrate the court mandated padded helmet I must wear when I venture outdoors. It does not look stupid however, I hand drew little skulls all over it to give it the "cool factor".   Just yesterday I personally experienced the Jonas Brothers touch two more lives. I was on my way to pick up Mom from the colon cleansing clinic when I was stopped at a red light. Of course I had my new Jonas Bros music at maximum level with the Yugo's windows completely lowered. The two girls in the car next to me were crying. I did not see them at first since my peripheral vision is not the best in my padded helmet. The Jonas Bros had not only awakened their deep seated emotions but it had also stimulated their dormant humor senses. They were laughing uncontrollably. I know it was the Jonas Bros because the crying laughing ladies were looking directly toward me in Mom's Yugo. I waved and winked but only generated more tears from these lovely ladies.   I believe that a wise career move for the Jonas Bros would be a multi state penetentiary concert tour. Kind of like Johnny Cash did way back in the day. Their music would definetely help rehabilitate some of those thugs. Don't you worry about their safety... the Jonas Bros are some pretty tough looking dudes. Look at the CD cover. I would not want to meet them in a dark alley, even with my padded helmet on. I know in my heart that the Jonas Bros will be very popular among the prison system population. Like female entertainers at a bachelor party.... Everyone cheering them on and wishing for some alone time with them... to "talk about life"..   I will need to order myself a Jonas Bros purity ring soon. I will wear it proudly just like my idols. Afterall, I have been getting a lot of female attention lately. (mostly stares). I need to send out a message. Back off you laughing flirtatious ladies. I am saving myself for someone special.   Oh my lovely Jonas Brothers, Please don't make me wait this long again for another CD. Look for me at all your concerts. I will be the one in the padded helmet. The one with all the little skulls drawn on it.
sarcastic Journalist Weisberg here cashes in on the current disgust with George W. Bush by trying to make his disastrous presidency into a tragedy, largely through analogies with Henry V, Winston Churchill, and Woodrow Wilson.  Bush nevertheless remains a frat boy who is pushed up into power by the greed and malevolence of the Republican party.  That is the tragedy -- that a great nation could be hoodwinked into voting for someone not even qualified for local dog catcher. As such the story is a terrible farce.  The only real contribution is a good assessment of the much over exaggerated role of Dick Cheney in the formulation of Bush policy.  Cheney remains an evil presence but hardly the power behind the throne.  Bush is stupid but not so stupid as to allow himself to be manipulated.  He above all wanted to exert his own will himself.  His relationship with his father is not at all unusual, except that his father was president.  The book relies on half-baked psychological theories and borrowings from the Freud-Bullitt volume on the peculiar personality of Woodrow Wilson.  It is not particularly convincing or useful.    As we prepare to elect yet another president we might at least learn to beware. 
sarcastic When my friend purchased and forced me to watch this, I had no idea it was a Madonna concert until 30 minutes in.  I was convinced that I was watching a horrifying zombie movie.  Madonna 3/4 naked on stage at this point in her life...NO!
sarcastic Does the publisher seriously think anyone is going to want to buy and read this book on April 27th? By that time John Edwards will have fathered more love children and spent 2400 more dollars on haircuts! That book will be woefully out of date! Publisher, Amazon -- set a price you can live with and release the Kindle book when you release the hardcover. Geeze these guys are stupid!
sarcastic This toy would be a lot more realistic with about 350 people standing in line for an average of an hour.  It still makes a nice set with the interrogation room.
sarcastic This dvd is great if you think that Gennifer Flowers, Paula Jones and Monica Lewinsky were the highlights of the Clinton administration.  There is almost no useful history in this at all.  It borders on tabloid journalism under the guise of a respectable documentary.  Dick Morris is interviewed quite a lot throughout this one.
sarcastic this book was excruciatingly painful to read. when i read this book i finally understood the definition of the word infinity. i would recomend this book to friends who have insomnia or those who i absolutely despise.
sarcastic I bought this camera thinking that it would be great. However I was terribly incorrect. Even though this camera has cool features like there touch screen, it takes terrible pictures and some features like the smile recognition doesn't even work.  In addition the battery life last about 5 hours and it takes about 4 to charge it. Finally there camera doesn't even come with directions. All it comes with is a quick review that tells the owner almost nothing.   I am Sorry I made this purchase
sarcastic What intrigues me is the number of five-star reviewers who seem to think that folks like me who dislike this book are hopeless, heartless cynics who have obviously never been in love.  I might gently suggest that a lot of  these reviewers are confusing giddy teenage infatuation with the idea of  being in love to real, mature love.  Mature love is not about magically  finding your one "soulmate" (to use the currently fashionable  blather) among the six billion on this planet.  (We're supposed to give up  Santa and Cinderella at eight.)  Rather, it is about caring, willful  commitment to people we occasionally can't even stand.  If, as a number of  reviewers have suggested, this book represents deep insight into the  "true heart of a woman", the feminists must be beyond despair,  and there are going to be a lot of disappointed lives out there.  What  escapes a lot of enthusiasts for this book is that the author is  essentially telling the poor drudges over at Iowa Writer's to forget their  MFA's; if you want to be a successful (as opposed to great or even good)  writer, get your MBA-marketing. Ironically (admittedly a distant concept to  this author), that is exactly the advice philistine Lon would give  Sensitive Poet Noah, while Allie sulks petulantly downstage right. Now,  that's cynicism!
sarcastic I hope the real Black Keys have filed a cease and desist order against the impostors who created this cruel satire that sounds worse than anything I've heard in an elevator. I bought and then listened to some of this thinking it was to be genuine Black Keys music, and then felt like I had entered some sort of bizarro universe. Actually deserves less than one star.
sarcastic I dont understand the hype and praise surrounding this film.  The story is derivative and cliche beyond belief.  There isnt a tense or emotional moment in the entire movie. Its pacing is laborious and predictable.  Theres so many laughable things about this movie. (Hair as a phallic interface..are you kidding?)  The entire story is Dances With Wolves on an alien planet. (Whos native population speak english...of course)  The dialog is right up there with Armageddon and Independence Day, yes...pure genius.   Neon plants, hammerhead rhinos and glowing vines do not a movie make....its a dull story, VERY predictable and cringe worthy.  I mean.."Get Some" and "Take that Bitch"..? Really?  I havent laughed so hard since Battlefield Earth.      
sarcastic I purchased this product 4.47 Billion Years ago and when I opened it today, it was half empty.
sarcastic I jumped out of the shower and had to decide between my ripped up AC/DC concert shirt from 1974, or my Breakthrough wolf t-shirt.  These were the only two that didn't reek of BO, and I was going to the bar, so I had to look my best so of course I grabbed the wolf tee.   So I'm in the bar, having a good time, and I had to pee like a race horse.  I go into the bathroom, and doing my business.  As I turn to walk out, I sneezed extremely loud. This scared the hell out of the guy washing his hands in front of me.  As he went to look at me, he saw my breakthrough wolf shirt, and actually thought he was being attacked by a real wolf! he immediately pulled out a pistol and shot me right in my chest.   Me and the guy who shot me now joke about what happened, but I'm pretty sure that the designer of this t-shirt should make it a little less real looking as not to cause hunters or scared bar patrons to whip out rifles or pistols to disable the threat of the attacking wolf.    
sarcastic Sharp had always been a reliable choice - not this time.  When the set arrived, one channel was fuzzy and had no sound. We determined that it was definitely the set, not our cable. Sharp technician was not able to help at all and said I had to return the set to them directly at my expense to have it repaired (2-3 weeks).  That made no sense for a brand new product.  Amazon was EXCELLENT in its customer service.  The rep immediately provided a pre-paid return label and also sent a new TV.  Same problem. Same frustration.  Returned the set and purchased a Vizeo instead.
sarcastic My 2 year old has tried all flavors and screams "No!" When she sees these.She loves the Plum Tots fruity Fingerfuls though. 
sarcastic I did buy this book. Liberals will not buy this book, so their opinion is worthless. Besides most of them cant even read clearly enough to get the joke. Anger and frustration that Conservatives are clever and witty with a dash of smarta**, and they resort to reviewing a book that we know they wouldnt spend a penny on. Besides it would take too much of their welfare check to buy it!  Quit trying to sabotage this book. Just go away.
sarcastic When people who don't know anything about the real world write novels the result is pretty funny.  Need a good laugh? Try page 23 when something finally happens. The bats attack and, despite the military setting up a perimeter (against bats? what? are they going to shoot em?) the bats get through (gasp!) they "blot out the stars" (which makes them tough to shoot, even for the military) and lift soldiers right off their feet and then "bore through him like a hot knife through butter." (ouch, right? but Bats? Even super nasty bats? How about going inside a tent? That work for ya? Na.   Keep in mind this is an action scene and where the horror really begins and it's given as an email and a lame one at that. No scene. No immediacy. No real anything at all. Now comes another 50 pages of introspection, worries, observations, description, bland dialog and memories, bla bla bla. I gave up.  If this is what passes for a great read for the literary set then I'll pass. One wonders if they're laughing at us for buying their dreck.
sarcastic Long time fan of the Lego Games by Traveler's Tales. I loved Lego Star Wars, Indy was good. Batman was my favorite. I must confess, I never played Lego Indy 2. Though, a disclaimer, I do not like the inspirational subject matter of this one near as much as the others, so it was already at a disadvantage. However, this game is so poor that I felt the need to tell everyone.   This game is just too buggy and repetitive for me. Perhaps its the subject matter, but the lack of character depth and variety in this one is just disappointing. Just basically the three main guys (Harry, Ron, and whats her name) with an occasional other guy.   That aside, it might still be a decent title. The huge problem with this one is the finicky controls and bugs (and I'm not talking about spiders crawling through the woods). The point and shoot interface of the Wii seems to be a little moody, especially when there is a clump of stuff you want to shoot. Once you lock on to one target, though you can add additional targets, you still have to shoot. That means if you accidentally lock on to another Hogwarts classmate, but you wanted to shoot a potted plant, you have to just shoot the classmate. Most of the time this doesn't matter, however, if they have been shot already, and they are provoked, this makes for an unneeded attack.   Also, if you are in a level where the game is counting towards "True Wizard," if you shoot a bunch of stuff at once because you are already locked on, you will not have time to grab everything before the studs disappear.   The next issue I have with this game is the purple floating spell. On multiple times, this has happened. Sometimes you have to levitate an object, and float it to another spot on the screen. Sometimes, it gets stuck, and you have no choice but to restart the level because you cant even float it out of wherever it is stuck. For example, in the level where Ron and the girl are chasing Dobbie in the Quiddich stadium, there comes a point you have to levitate a heavy ball, and connect it to a hanging rope to cause the gate to go up. Well, if you (either accidentally or mistakenly) put the ball into the ladder hole you climbed up on, the ball gets stuck. It is not stuck in a physical sense, because the spell is obviously trying to move it and when your character climbs on it, the ball spins in place, however, you cannot attach the ball to the place where it needs to go to advance. Guess what? You just wasted 10 minutes of your life getting to that point. There is no way to reset the ball. You must just restart the level. This also happened to me on the level where you fight the giant spider at the end. There is a rain cloud near the beginning you must form. I didnt move the rain cloud high enough into the sky, and tried to move it over to the statue. It got stuck, so I had to restart the level, as you cannot advance without doing it properly.   My next big issue with this game is the save feature. Several times, I have finished levels, watched the outtro video, and turned it off, only to find that I have to replay the level the next time I come back. Why? Because not only must you watch the end of level cutscene to save it, but you must then either select to go back to the Leaky Cauldron or on to the next level. Then, and only then does the game save your progress. This is counter intuitive to me. When I turn off at the end of a level, I dont want to go to the next chapter OR go to the Leaky Cauldron. I just want to turn it off. But I get to go back and play again.   The last gripe I've got is the parts where you have to lift something, spin it, and send it flying again. There are two that come to mind. First, when Harry gets to Ron's house and you have to flip the gnomes (or elves, or whatever) and then again when you fight the giant spider. This is so confusing and counter intuitive the way this is done, you will die many times (on the spider, not the gnomes) before you luck into hitting it 3 times. It is just frustrating.   Dont get me wrong, the level layouts are great. The music is great, and the graphics are great. To me, when a game has so many problems, it frustrates you to play it, that means its time to put it down, dust off the old Lego Star Wars or something, and play a game that is not so problematic.   For a die hard fan of Harry Potter, it might be worth it. However, if you are just a die hard Lego _______ (insert movie franchise here) fan like me, I would pass on this one.
sarcastic This pool absolutely sucks.  It takes 3-4 people just to set it up.  If you have even the slightest slope in your yard or haven't pulled the bottom liner tight enough you have to empty ALL of the water in order to move it and start all over again!  My son enjoyed this pool ONE time and the following night (after struggling several times the previous day just to set it up!) we had a tornado blow through and it shredded (yes, shredded) this pool to bits and pieces.  Would not recommend this pool nor will I ever buy a snapset pool again! 
sarcastic I was going to enter a monastery. I had it all planned out. I was going to take a vow of poverty and devote the rest of my life to prayer, reflection, charity, and serving the Lord. However, as I was about to take the vows I found out that I would NOT be allowed to take my Night Breed Wolf T-Shirt into my new monastic life with me. I begged and pleaded for them to make this one exception but to no avail. It was a deal breaker. I now work at Popeyes, though I'm hoping to go back to school once my mom lets me have her old car. I guess you could say the Night Breed Wolf T-Shirt changed the course of my life...
sarcastic I'm not usually one to give in to the hype. But everyone keeps talking about this "tuscan milk" and how it's the new macarena. It's texas holdem, low carbs, and reality TV all rolled into one. But this is one fad that is sure to last.   I bought my first gallon, and not being one for moderation, I ended up drinking the whole gallon one morning. I was just going to drink a glass before work, then be on my way. One glass turned into two. Two turned into a bigger glass. Next thing I know I was sprawled out on my living room floor next to the empty gallon.   I stumbled up and made my way out the door, only to arrive at work and meet an angry boss. He said he was letting me go, and I was "no longer a part of the vision". I was angry. And very much dissapointed. I loaded my things into my car and drove away.   On the way home, my car started sputtering. All the lights came on, and my engine fell out while going down the freeway. I pulled to the side of the road, and started walking. I certainly wasn't going to call a tow truck, I can't afford it now.   I then got the bright idea to call my girlfriend. Upon answering, I could hear a man's voice in the background. She was out of breath, and certainly had just come back from a long jog. I asked if she would come and pick me up, and she said she was "indisposed at the moment". I then became more angry, and asked her why not. She promptly dumped me.   With my belly still full of Tuscan Milk, I plodded on towards my home. I started pondering why she was leaving me, and entertained the thought that it must have something to do with that man in the background. Who was he? Why was he there? Then it dawned on me. The truth, as I had then thought, had arrived.   It's that damn tuscan milk! I foolishly blamed the milk for my problems. I lost my job, my car broke, and my girlfriend left me. All in one morning! I thought the milk was the cause.   Hours later, I arrived at my home. "Nice" I thought, as I spotted the 30 day notice. The thought of now getting kicked out my house kind of made me smile. At this point, nothing could get worse, right? It's not like a gang of ninjas is going to come in and kill my family or something.   If you didn't catch the sarcasm in that last paragraph, a gang of ninjas did indeed come in and kill my family. Got em all. But still, I dont blame the milk now.   You might ask, "why Jeremy? why are you so jovial?". The answer to that, my friends, is because I'm days away from becoming a millionaire. This whole situation will be erased. With my millions, everything will change.   Fired from my job? Now I don't need one.  Car broke down? I'll buy a lexus instead.  Kicked out my house? To heck with renting, I'll buy a new one.  Family dead? I'll buy a new one.  Girlfriend left?  You get the picture.   All my problems are solved!   A few days ago I recieved an email from the prince of Nigeria. I appears their government is collapsing. And they need to move 100 million dollars out of there, STAT. So they researched, searching the world for a top secret, financial mercernary to give the money to, and found me. They must have heard about my skills. So they contacted me. I get, as a commission, ten percent of the take. If you think about it, that's a pretty good deal for someone who is saving your country.   I've given them the neccessary banking information to the proper agents, and everything should be transferring soon. I will hang out in the park, where I now live, and wait for that phone call. Once I recieve the phone call, the money went through, and you are looking at a ten millionaire. I think I'll go purchase some new duds, and maybe head down to vegas and bet ten thousand a hand. I'll fly to miami and dig my toes in the sand, or jet off to Hawaii for some fun in the sun.   I'm here at the library surfing amazon, and wanted to order some milk. For some reason my ATM wouldn't go through, kept saying insufficient funds, even though there is money in there. Must be some mistake. I'm off to the bank to ask them what's up, but first I thought I'd tell you all about the milk that saved my life.   RECOMMENDED A+++++++
sarcastic I proceeded to open the container then pour it all over myself, in front of my girlfriend. Imagine my embarassment with poweder all over myself.  Needless to say the evening did not go as planned.  Though I did take a bath, and the water did taste an awfully lot like milk.  My fault though, for thinking the company was Nido Powder
sarcastic Transmission of music data at rates faster than the speed of light seemed convenient, until I realized I was hearing the music before I actually wanted to play it.  Apparently Denon forgot how accustomed most of us are to unidirectional time and the general laws of physics.  I tried to get used to this effect but hearing songs play before I even realized I was in the mood for them just really screwed up my preconceptions of choice and free will.  I'm still having a major existential hangover.  Would not purchase again.
sarcastic In the age when almost every toy company is coming with their own version of inflatable toast, it is becoming increasingly hard to discern the true value form poor imitators and aspiring inflatable-toast creators. Therefore I am pleased to tell you that this particular brand of inflatable toast has justified all the hype that has been bestowed upon it. It is veritably the inflatable toast for the ages, and the one that you and your family will cherish throughout the years and pass down the generations as a family heirloom. Unlike the non-inflatable toasts this toast will retain its color and consistency for generations. And since it is made out of non-biodegradable materials, it will not be subject to the vicissitudes of time and decay. Furthermore, if emblazoned with an image of your favorite religious figure, it is bound to attract a lot of attention and customers on eBay. If you choose to go down this route you are guaranteed to multiply your investment many times over and finally achieve that financial security that you had been longing for.
sarcastic I was curious when I first heard that the GND were going to put out an exercise video, since Im into exercise, I would want to try it out.  Bleh, to that.  I wasnt expecting the reincarnation of Tami Lee Webb.  But I sure wasnt expecting camera shots and music that were based in soft core porn.  Not one of those girls has ever hit the gym seriously in their life, because their form showed all.  They all say "I have to do this this and that," but their lack of safe technique and their uncertainty in doing even a push-up gave their claim up.  Some girls are naturally thin.  Lucky them.  Some arent.  I have to work to stay slim, and I hate it when you have naturally slim girls pretending they work hard for their body.  And truth be told....they are slender, and thats it.  They could use less aerobics and a heck of lot of muscle toning, because their thighs shouldnt be jiggling if they want to promote (Or is it pornmote) a fitness video.  Kendra's was the worst, as the consensus showed.  But Bridgit was not far behind as when she had to do her mountain climbers, she did them with the worst body mechanics possible, and her timing was completely off.  All of their timing was off.  This is NOT a fitness video, or exercise video.  This is a novelty video for people who want to see three girls in non-exercise wear (the cleavage shots grew tiresome) doing soft porn type maneuvers all in the name of "fitness."  I cant believe Im the only one to not like this.
sarcastic There is little doubt now that David Husselshaft is a major force in the music business these days. I've already been a fan for many years, but an amazing thing happened recently which I have to share. The doctor said my dog Cherish had only days to live. Desperate for any sign of recovery, I played this CD in the garage for him 24/7, and not only did my dog die, but so did 2 cats and all of my plants. My neighbor came down with a rare form of stomach virus, the one causes massive cramping and explosive diarrhea. Boy did I prove that doctor wrong! The song "Hot Shot City" is particularly good.
sarcastic How would I describe the plot in Dead in the Family?  Oh, right, there is no plot!  All you'll get is a series of choppy, unpolished storylines mixed with brief appearances from the large number of characters in this book.  Sookie sighing over Eric, Sookie unsure of where she stands with Bill, something or other about Alcide and the werewolves, dealing with a suspicious fairy triplet, and so on and so forth.  None of it serves a purpose.  This is always a problem authors face when they're forced to extend a series once it becomes successful: the overlapping of characters and subplots become so overwhelming that they don't know what to do with them.  Laurell K. Hamilton, Jim Butcher and Kelley Armstrong suffer from the same thing.  It's time for Ms. Harris to put this series to rest.  Now that Alan Ball has adapted this story for the HBO series, I am actually enjoying that more than the books.  All I can do is thank Harris for writing this, for the TV series wouldn't exist if she hadn't started this.  Funny, but when I read her books years before the TV show was even planned, I wouldn't have pictured myself giving up on it.  Unfortunately, it has reached my limit. Now I'm off to watch True Blood.
sarcastic It wasn't until I got to 43654 and then sped on towards 53511 that I realized that if you take every 10th digit, multiply by 12, divide by 150, then using every 5th digit to code with the letters of the Russian alphabet, that you get a backwards version of the Da Vinci Code!  Dan Brown, tell us the truth!  Is this your work??
sarcastic True Blood Season 2  Unless you truly enjoy the idea of wasting a moment of life, in a sedentary moment.  Do not buy this piece of crap.  If you're a Charlaine Harris fan, beware, both seasons bare little or no resemblance to the Book series.  They trash the Characters, and remove any semblance of an actual plot/story line.   I bought this and season one, sight unseen, which was a big mistake.  I recommend renting a copy or borrow one from a friend.  To determine if you actually like it, or buy a used copy as scratches can only enhance this trite idiocy.  All the stereotypes are here, in regard to southern white folk.  If you enjoy lame porn, you'll love this.  From Anna Pauquin's fake tits, to the town orgy, (oh yeah they went there) you'll really love this waste of an investment.  I bought it as a gift for a family member, they won't let me sell it off on e-bay. As it is a gift. The HBO people should have written their own lame storyline instead of trashing Charlaine Harris.  The script writers would make great senators or congressmen as they can't be bothered with actually reading either.  They certainly didn't read the book.  Queen Sophie is not only too tall, she is too old.  The characters do NOT match the book. No plot. A total absence of plot, yep totally gone.  Wall to wall brain farts. The best way to view this inane piece of work is through an alcohol induced trance.  Then it might actually look well done.  They took so many liberties with this, they should have created their own total mess, rather than hacking and butchering Charlaine Harris's work.  Vampires would certainly not waste as much blood as they did for this photo shoot. There are other glaring errors as well, but too many to list here.  Oh and HBO dudes, three letters, CGI, an absolutely wonderful video concept used for special effects, check it out. Shaking the camera while someone is trying to dance poorly is not a special effect.  And lacks imagination.  Not to mention screwing up a Pagan Myth to the Nth degree.  They did get off on the totally black eye effect.  Ohhhh, Ahhhh A Hannibal Lectre rerun. Oh my. Gratuitous sex and violence, yep, don't get angry.  After all it is only HBO, So having no expectations is a must for entertainment viewing.  Just use the mantra...it's only HBO, it's only HBO... Never in my viewing history have I seen something done so damn bad. Actually I lie, I just remembered Captain Apache (1971) both are about as well done. Imagine a clueless idiot, looking at a Jackson Pollock and thinking..."Hey, I can improve on this...", so he puts paintballs up his butt and farts them out on a canvas (actually I believe this being done), then he thinks this is soooo visionary.  It's about as imaginative and innovative as the nut who peed in a jar and put a cross in it.  Way to recycle bodily fluids dude.  And yep, another dummy bought it. So, we have ugly people having orgies, (I'm ugly so on the ugly front I know whereof I speak on ugly, never done the orgy thing so not so sure there but a definite yuck.), overdone redneck stereotypes, lame gags.  At least the first season did have a couple of decent laughs.  This series makes old porn movies, hey even new porn movies look positively genius.  As it was a gift I was obliged to sit and watch the whole insipid thing.  Of course given the other reviews here, I see some actually liked it. Ohhh....k.  Buy this used or on sale if at all, and watch before you buy.  Oh, and all other Sookie fans, get over it.  Nothing we can do, But stick with the Books.   
sarcastic From the opening pages of Tori Spelling's searing new memoir, "Mommywood," readers will realize that we are in for a rare tale of pathos and depth.  In that first scene, Spelling recounts the devastation and fear she experienced when, at a 3-D ultrasound for her first child, she realized that his nose looked too big.  Gigantic, even.  She could not believe that this horrifying defect, which could well destroy Liam's Hollywood career before it even began, went unnoticed by her husband and doctor.  Spelling knew it was vital that baby Liam have a perfect nose, because she had made the noble decision to record his every smile, poopy diaper, temper tantrum, and birthday bash for all of America--no, the whole world--to see. On her reality show "Tori & Dean: Home Sweet Hollywood," which airs weekly on the Oxygen network, Spelling vents to fans about the tribulations of having two tiny children who are followed everywhere by the paparazzi she  invited into their lives.   In the book, she reveals her fascinating quest to lose the baby weight from Liam even while getting pregnant with her daughter Stella.  She courageously opens up about her sex life. She trashes her mother's catty trashing of her and discusses Mom's shopping and wanton materialism. She reveals how, after redecorating their home, she realized it was far too small and bought a mansion instead.  She frets at length about the faux pas of arriving at a birthday party for celebrity twins with the wrong present because she had never actually met the children and didn't know their ages.  She also wonders aloud why it is that Luke Perry, her old co-star on 90210, snubbed her at another child's birthday party, finally concluding that it may have something to do with what she said about Perry in her last memoir, "sTORI Telling."  (Although it was only published a year ago, there obviously needed to be another memoir for 2009, because a lot has happened in Tori Spelling's life.  It would have been a tragedy had we not been told, for example, what Halloween costumes she chose to dress the kids in for 2008.)
sarcastic The product arrived but it does not include a connecting cable so while to price was right it has no value without a cable from the devices to the Kindle. Don't waste your money
sarcastic Well, this is a record I heard daily in the spring days of 1994, but now, let's say it's some of the records I don't want to let any of my friends know I have. After the excellent ULTRAMEGA OK (just the title says all) and  the less excellent Badmotorfinger this must be considered as the complete  sell-out! The only really cool track is Ben Shepherd's &quot;Half&quot;. I  can't help thinking of pop-grunge fourteen year old girls with pierced  noses when I hear &quot;Black Hole Sun&quot;. Sad.
sarcastic It will work better than you can imagine.  I carry a few alcohol wipes(good for a million things) with me and this lights them on the first try.  I keep one in each car, on the boat, and in my briefcase.  I may never need it, but if I ever do I don't have to worry about it working.  Magnesium sticks maybe cheap but they are hard to use.  When it's windy the shavings blow away before you can light them. I needed one of those once and spent the night freezing.  Do yourself a favor and buy one or more of these and never worry about being without a fire.  Update:  If you are using this thing every day buy the bigger one, but also examine your life style; should you really be starting fires like this on a daily basis?
sarcastic I enjoy reading V.C. Andrews - for a laugh. Please. All of the Andrews writing is a crock, I mean Dawn and Ruby had exactly the same plot except one was staged in Louisiana and the other was in Virginia. I liked Flowers  in the Attic when I was thirteen. Then I discovered real writing talent.  This has got to be the worst novel ever written. How many of you would have  romantic feelings for your brother after spending three years 24/7 in the  same room with him? None? I didn't think so.
sarcastic This product has a serious design flaw.  When I removed this product from its container, it did not stand on its own as I expected.  Instead, it spread out onto the ground, then appeared to disappear into it.  For the price I paid, I would have expected this product to have a lot more substance.  Someone told me that I needed a glass, but this is not listed in the instructions.  Also, there are no clear instructions on how to open the container.  I tried everything from cotton balls to a can opener, to no avail.  Eventually I was able to open it by burning a hole in it with a curling iron.  I was afraid to use a knife, since I didn't want to damage the product inside.  Clearly, Tuscan needs to re-think this product.  **Edit**  It seems that I would have had to let this sit at room temperature for several days in order for it to stand on its own.  Again, terrible instructions.  I would also appreciate a product that was ready to use.
sarcastic I was expecting this to be way better than Twilight because I heard there was way more action. Guess what I bailed out an hour and 30 minutes in. ITs way more dull and boring than Twilight. Theres still no plot, Bella is a b****, and theres still no true conflict. She ends up getting everything she wants at the end of the series anyway including a perfect family with no troubles at 18. OMG shocking isn't it!   I'm serious Bella p***es me off. I have never watched a movie with a main character so detestable. She basically goes into a canatonic state when Edward leaves her and the segment showing how deep her depression is was just ridiculus. She just sits in a chair with the same d*** clothes on for months because a vampire boy she knew for only a week or so leaves town. All of a sudden she loses the will to live and purposely puts herself in danger just to see hallucinations of him. I was actually hoping she would die just so this story would end. But saddly that doesn't happen.   Then theres Jacob. I actually think Bella would have been better off with Jacob because he seems to have more personallity than Edward who don't know WTF he wants. Plus I think Jacob is better looking too. Hes brown, buff, got long hair, and Edward just sparkle. I don't know what girls see in Edward. Hes just too pale and isn't that good looking. i've seen better looking guys on the big screen. Plus her relationship with Jacob seemed more normal even as friends while her relationship with Edward has no chemistry whatsoever. Other than this I didn't care about any of the characters and was completely bored.    The so called action scenes in this movie...STILL BORING! I wasn't impressed at all with it. The werewolves also looked ridiculus. The CG was terrible. I know peaple argue that thier shapeshifters and not wolves, but why are they usually referred to as werewolves! The werewolves are also kind of strange. From what I've seen most of them are males and they walk around most of the time with thier shirts off in the woods. ~sings~ FAAAANNNNNSEEEERRVVVICCES! For the ladies. LOL. As an 18 year old woman I won't complain too much about that, but its still strange. I also noticed that they make Jacobs transition into a werewolf sound like hes coming out the closet or something. That shows how bad the dialogue is.    Did this really need to be 2 hours! I have to give this movie credit though. I like that they got rid of most of that blue look and the cinemagraphy was way better. There were also moment that made me laugh so hard because of how insane they were. One being an example is there is one scene where there at a birthday party and somehow Bella being the clumsy b**** she is cuts herself with wrapping paper (I don't know how thats possible) and one of the vampires go crazy and tries to attack her. Sounds interesting right? Well Edward being the loving boyfriend he is protects her by pushing her into a glass table adding more injury. LMAO! He couldn't just push the attacking vamp away?! He could've just restrain him! But noo! He just pushes her into a case making the situation worse. LOL   The problem I have is that this is just a bad story that seems to go nowhere.  The romance mostly stems from the nition that Edward and Bella are a perfect couple, but its just boring. Theres no true climax either. What angers me the most is that so much more could have been done to make this series so much better. The story contradicts itself so much too. I'm baffled as to how anyone can love this series so much. Oh well its target audience is house wives and 14 year old girls. Maybe they see something in it I will never understand.    
sarcastic Well so far I have read 37 pages of this and there is nothing in it that anyone with a grudge against Obama could not have written. The authors even use quotes from their previous masterworks to bolster their views. So far they have not offered one original idea on how to improve economic conditions, but they do want to take this country back. They don't say where to, the good old days of the 60's, 70's, 80's, maybe even the 50's, who knows.             Anyway, I will continue to read it, just to see why a person who must get paid plenty of money by the fair and balanced news station feels the need to take 10 dollars from the readers wallets.   
sarcastic This is another of visionary director Uwe Bolls brilliantly forged masterpieces. I believe this film was secretly banned from Oscar consideration due to the fact the committee felt it would be unfair to the other nominees.   This sweeping epic tells the story of several nameless teens who travel to Isle del Muerte, Canada, to party and are swept into a tale of zombies, deceit, suspense, and moral choices that push the boundaries of the human psyche.  If you buy this, you will watch it so many times you may wear the disc out, so I suggest buying at least 2 copies. I personally have gone through 9.   Uwe Boll deserves an award for his contributions; he is truly a pioneer of German tax loopholes, and will continue to inspire future generations with his brilliance.   I salute thee, Mr. Boll.
sarcastic terrible swill.  I can't belive this is from the company that WANTS to sell you their coffee maker.  Try the Millstone or if you can find it the Target brands instead.
sarcastic This paradigm-busting film proved to jaded and cynical fin-de-siecle moviegoers that sequels could, by far, surpass their original cinematic inspirations. In the case of B2EB (as I refer to it in my seminal critical study of American musicals and ninja films), those inspirations extend far beyond the original Breakin', a groundbreaking work in its own right, but to the earliest days of "talkies" and such musically driven films as The Jazz Singer. Sure, The Jazz Singer had Al Jolsen, but Breakin' 2 has something that its cinematic progenitors could only dream of -- namely, boogaloo.
sarcastic I can't believe I actually finished this book!  It gives even "chick lit" a bad name. The plot is preposterous.  But worse still is the fact that the "heroine"  is intellectually challenged and utterly neurotic.  The author presents her story as if this woman is to be admired, while she in fact behaves like a lovesick teenager and a horrible mother from beginning to end.  Are we to believe that she just lets her husband walk out of her life and doesn't bother to pursue him for seven years to obtain a divorce and child support.  (Isn't this passive child abuse?)   Are we then to believe that she lets this scoundrel waltz back into her life and spend copious amounts of time with her fanatically protected ten-year old daughter, when for all she knows the husband has been abusing little girls around the world for years.  And, wouldn't said child be at least a tad resentful of the father who abandoned her? On a lesser issue, the heroine is supposed to be a sophisticated world traveller, but she is woefully ignorant about the locales she touts, not to mention little things like TSA rules.  I could go on and on.  It scares me to think that there are women who actually can give this drivel five-star ratings.
sarcastic This seemingly underwhelming bit of wire, shrouded in a strange material gave off a strange aura when i stood near. A quick vision from God later and i knew i had to assassinate John Lennon using the mystical powers held within. I was disappointed to see however, after a quick Google search that John Lennon is already dead. His life stolen no doubt, by the previous owner of the very same cable i had come to posses.   A friend of mine also bought this on ebay where it was described as 'Blue Cable'. The vague description suggested that he would be in receipt of the worst kind of Pornography through his TV but instead he recieved 'a blue cable'. Disappointed, he used its strong sheathing to hang himself outside Hugh Hefner's house to drive home his pain.
sarcastic Like many of you, each Thanksgiving I purchase two turkeys, one for the family meal and the other to wear on my head. It has been a constant source of frustration for me that my organic "turkey hat" generally goes rancid after only a few hours of wear. The fit becomes too loose and the turkey tends to slide down over my face frequently. Not to mention the unpleasant smell as the meat decays. Sound familiar? At long last, someone has produced a synthetic turkey headwear product that should alleviate some of the problems I've mentioned above. Can't wait to try mine out this Thanksgiving.
sarcastic Is there somebody you really don't like, want to torture perhaps?  Give them a ticket to see this movie, or a copy of the forthcoming DVD (which in this case stands for Dreadful, Very Dreadful). Take 5% Prophecy, 75% Night of the Living Dead, 20% Bad LSD, stir well with pitiful writing, and VOILA! You have Legion. The old lady in the diner scene might have been lifted from IT, the rest of the movie was lifted from something that rhymes with IT. Whoever really wrote this garbage should be assigned to the ninth circle of the inferno.  The big guy doesn't like us anymore?  No wonder, he's got an English accent in this movie, as do his angels.  Perhaps they are still sulking about the revolutionary war. Don't watch this drivel.
sarcastic My husband and I have carefully selected a lot of "green" products for our home and especially for our baby.  We were thoroughly disappointed with these wipes.  When we opened the package, we couldn't help but cover our noses--they stunk!  We thought we would get used to the smell, but it was so vulgar--bordering on worse than the dirty diapers--that we quite using them.  Its a shame, because we've liked other Seventh Generation products.
sarcastic Anybody who is familiar with Eric Alterman's conservative bashing and rantings from "The Nation" and "Altercation" on MSNBC.COM will be instantly familiar with this book. Eric's leanings are so far to the left that he makes Bill and Hillary Clinton look conservative. Most of Eric's writings are obviously filled with hate for George W. Bush. If the President said the sky was blue, Eric's column in "The Nation" or "Altercation" on MSNBC.com would say the sky was Red. Eric's rantings are so skewed to the left, that it's easy to see that his book is fired by his hatred for anything conservative and how he twists the facts to justify his point. Anybody who watches CNN, MSNBC, or any the major network broadcasts can obviously tell that the Liberals are in control of the networks and their broadcast agenda. Fox News is the only network that offers an honest and fair presentation of the news without the obvious liberal bias of the other media news shows. Also Eric forgets to tell us that Liberals are in control of most major newspapers in the United STates. It's obvious to anyone who reads a newspaper in the United States. Also MSNBC.com has a leftist bias. Eric Alterman's "Altercation" and Jill Nelson's op-ed pieces on MSNBC.com show just how liberal msnbc.com is in it's news reporting. Eric has no regard for the United States. He's typical of the liberals in Ann Coulter's book "Treason" that wish to destroy the United States from within. Eric has no regard for United States law unless it can be twisted to serve his politically correct and leftist anti-american agenda. Eric thinks he knows more about Constitutional law than the Supreme Court when he says that the Supreme Court was wrong and George W. Bush is the Commander in Theif. Eric forgets to tell us that the US Supreme Court stepped in to stop the Democratic controlled Florida Supreme Court from rewriting election law after the fact of the election to help Al Gore steal the election from George W. Bush. The Democratic controlled Florida Supreme court was guilty of changing the rules after the election has occured which violates Federal Election Law and the US Constitution. Eric also conveniently forgets to tell us that the President is determined by the electoral college and not the popular vote. It's in the constitution, yet he conveniently overlooks things that disagree with his leftist liberal and anti-american viewpoints. Eric Alterman's documentation standards practice the normal liberal method of cross polination. Cross pollination is when one liberal writes an article or book with no factual backing and then another liberal author references the book to back up his non-truthful claims. Very little of Eric's documenation for his book comes from the mainstream media or verifiable sources. Most of his documentation comes from unverifiable questionable sources in the liberal community. The footnotes and endnotes look real impressive if you don't question their validity or their sources. Most of his footnotes and endnotes come from nonverifable sources and have very little factual support behind them. Anybody who wasted their money on Eric's rantings deserves their money back.
sarcastic Even when he's dead the money men march in and make a quick buck - knowing that there are a lot of gulible drones out there - who will buy ANYTHING by Mike J.   How can a film about a bunch of dance practices mean so much? Any old rubbish will do as the fans desperately hold onto even the tiniest snippets of MJ.....the final hurrah.   It is sad that M J has died (and I like his earlier stuff - I really did) but he had gone past his sell by date so long ago. (I particulary loved that one about the little bird in the tree....."rockin' in the tree-tops all day long....").   That one.  He really could sing and dance in those days - but after that? - Well - let's be honest it became very same-old - same old dance moves - with a couple of subtle amendments.  YAWN.  And this film just bunches them up together and throws in a few group hugs to boot.   The poor chap is dead - Sad for his family - but come on people let's give it a rest now AND MOVE ON.....like the grown ups we all are.
sarcastic `Blonde jokes', Bella talking non-stop about her incredible beauty, endless petty fighting between characters, rampant antifeminism, a disturbing anti-human sentiment, paedophilia. Stephenie Bella Meyer Swan is back and as self-absorbed and nasty as ever.  Adjectives and adverbs are used to a laughable point. And the repetition is painful. Everyone's got `tight eyes', and Alice is always `dancing' everywhere.  Meyer trots out another string of beautiful blondes to show us how undesirable they are to her heroes. Can anybody say `wish fulfilment'?!  The Mormon overtones are so obvious it's frightening nobody much thinks about it. The Mormon-style baby naming of combining family names. Meyer attended Brigham Young University - a Mormon university - where they are constantly told to marry young and start reproducing; which is exactly what Bella Sue does. There's a frightening anti-abortion message: even if your spawn rips your body to shreds - kills you - you MUST fight everybody to keep it. Imprinting is essentially what Mormon `sealing' is. And, no doubt, Meyer pays tithings, which would mean every year the fans are sending millions of dollars to the Mormon church. How is it Americans were up in arms about a bit of magic in British Harry Potter books, but they're happy with paedophilia and religious propaganda in American Twilight books?  We've got more `werewolves' (sorry - at the very end of the book they are suddenly `shapeshifters') falling in love with babies. But don't worry, one special baby is going to be ready for sexual duties by her seventh birthday. How romantic.  The unintentionally hilarious scenes of the happy family - accompanied by paedophile Jacob - dressed to the nines, running off into the forest to guzzle on wild animals, tip this already ridiculous book even further over the edge.  The appeal of the initial story was the contrast between Bella's humanity and Edward's immortality. The moment Bella wakes up a wild huntress superhero in possession of a `love shield' we lose any possible connection we could have had with her, as she divides her time between admiring her own beauty and fantasising sexually about her husband (even when covered in blood, in a ripped cocktail dress, barefoot and in the middle of a forest).  And how about those deux ex machinas?! Isn't it great how every time there's a problem something miraculous pops up out of the blue to save the day? So once again none of our characters have to actually solve a problem, or - you know - do something.  Additionally, I have no idea how any intelligent or sane person can remain a Twilight fan after reading about Edward EATING mutant vampire baby spawn out of his wife. Romantic it is not.  This series is a disaster, but no installment so much as this final one.  I hope the next tween fad makes an appearance soon. Stephenie Meyer is definitely not deserving of any more money.  Avoid this ridiculously long mess. 
sarcastic I've never before written a negative Amazon reader review.  As an author, I know how much they can sting, and I try to limit myself to only reviewing books I've really enjoyed.  However, since the author is long dead, I doubt I can hurt her feelings.  And if by my words I can possibly prevent one other person from undergoing the suffering I've endured, I'll feel that my job here is done.  I decided that at the age of 52, it was time I started reading some of the classics that I'd missed along the way.  I read PRIDE AND PREJUDICE first, and though I found Ms. Austen's writing to be tedious, the book was mildly entertaining.  I thought I'd try Emily Bronte's WUTHERING HEIGHTS next.  I'd always heard how romantic the story was, and no less than three people, upon seeing me with the book, told me, "You'll love it!  You'll absolutely love it!"  Please tell me you're kidding.  This book is wretched.  Painful to a degree I've never before experienced.  I've read books that put me to sleep, books I found impossibly dull, books I found too stupid for words.  But I have NEVER hated a book so much in my life.  The characters in their entirety don't possess a single redeeming value.  They are miserable, obnoxious, hateful excuses for human beings.  Even the DOGS are hateful.  Why should I care what happens to any of these awful people?  Why should I care if they've made themselves miserable through their own choices and then spend the rest of the book whining and complaining about how pathetic their lives are?    I hadn't realized just how much I loathed them until halfway through the book, when a major character died, and all I could think was, "THANK GOD!  THANK GOD!"  And then, there's the dialect. Ah, the dialect!  I could tolerate it if it was used sparingly.  But when a certain character goes into a speech that lasts for half a page of small print, in a language that can only be described as Not Even Resembling English (yes, I know it's supposed to be Scottish), the result is unbearable pain.  Every time this character speaks (which is, thankfully, not often), I find myself puzzling over his words in an attempt to translate them into something that seems even mildly coherent.  Sometimes, it's possible to do this just by context.  At other times, I shake my head in bewilderment and disgust and simply move on to a different page.  Considering how slowly the story moves (is there a storyline?  a point to all this suffering?), I could probably skip entire chapters and not miss anything.  I'd also like to know where the romance is.  Since everybody in this book seems to hate everybody else, with the notable exception of the uncouth monster, Heathcliff, and the spoiled-rotten, obnoxious Catherine, I can't fathom where that might lie.  Am I too dense to understand?  Or has the literary world been tricking us for 150 years, convincing the sheep of the world to follow along in praise of this "romantic" classic?  I think I would rather have my fingernails pulled out forcefully, one at a time, than finish reading this book.  I'm halfway through, and life is short.  Am I really willing to spend that much more of my short time here on earth torturing myself just for the satisfaction of knowing I actually read the dreadful thing?  I think not.  I also think my foray into the classics has ended right here.  I'm off to read some Robert Parker or Janet Evanovich.  Maybe even some Jackie Collins.  Anything to cleanse my palate of the terrible aftertaste of Heathcliff and Catherine.  To each his own.  I know there are people who rave about this book, people who love it.  I'm glad somebody does.  Every book deserves to be loved by somebody.  But in this case, with this particular book, that somebody will have to be Somebody Else.  Because it certainly isn't me.  
sarcastic I got this book as a gift when I was in a particularly bad place. At first I thought the life lessons were meant to be taken literally. I mean if you are falling out of a tree it only makes sense to "Hang In There". So when I read the one about loving something and setting it free I said "What the hell, my life sucks right now, lets give it a try". So I set my dog free and it ran into oncoming traffic. What does it mean if you love something, set it free, and a garbage truck turns it into meat salad? Keep your advice to yourself. RIP Bubbles.
sarcastic I purchased one yesterday and was very excited to try it out.  It was so cool looking and easy to manuver.  I eagerly turned on the machine and made a few easy strokes..... huh? Something must be wrong.  It didn't even erase the footprints in the carpet and the suction was ok at best.  I switched off the brush bar and looked in the end, nothing was wrong.  I called customer service and after about 15 minutes on the phone with them figured out it was working properly. What the heck? I expected this thing to suck so hard that it would lift the carpet and create perfecty groomed rows of nap...like a freshly plowed field.  Not even close it barely even combed the top of the fibers.  Problem #1-No height adjustment for the brush bar.  It barely even touches the carpet.  Not enough to even give you that "just vacuumed" look.  Talk about a suction leak. Problem #2-It doesn't have very good sucking power.  My old Bissel sucked 2x as hard as this dyson.  Even the guy on the customer care line said it only moved about 50CFM of air compared to my old vacuum that moved much much more.   Don't belive the marketing hype.  It's not worth the money.  Ever wonder why consumer reports ranks the cleaning ability of the Dyson as average?  Because it is.  Consumer reports is dead on in their review.  It's just not that good of a cleaner. Sure it looks cool and you can park it in the driveway to impress your neighbors... but as far as cleaning my carpets, this vacuum sucks - Not in a good way. I took it back to the store a few hours later and got my money back.  If I want a vacuum that cleans just OK then I'm not going to pay [...] bucks.  The 99 dollar ones at Target work just as good, if not better.  
sarcastic Sorry, but every night is not a Pink Floyd laser light show roller disco happy dress-up like Little Riding Hood and do the robot dance freak show in my household. And I don't get the urge to hypnotize my cat, have it fall asleep and then make it walk around upright like a human, as if it's the court jester and I'm the king.   If my cat gets cold, it cuddles under the covers; I don't get out its ironic "mouse" outfit. If it has to go poopy, we don't share the same toilet. There are no catnip containers shaped like squirrels or parakeets. Those things are utterly worthless. It's like giving a nursing home resident a permanently sealed bag of soup.  To be honest, my cat goes nuts every time it walks by the floor-length mirror in the living room. She growls, runs away, runs back, swats at it, etc. Ball up a piece of aluminum foil and she's happy as a clam on a water slide.   So I definitely don't need to resort to aiming laser beams at its eyeballs! Especially given that federally funded scientists are testing laser patterns to see if they can be used to induce homicidal behavior. No thanks. I just found out that the D.C. in Washington D.C. stands for Demon Cat, so count me out. And you get what you're asking for if you buy this. 
sarcastic Before I got this shirt I was just your average 400 pound Wal-Mart door greeter. After wearing this baby underneath my blue vest one fine day, I could see the new appreciation and even, in some cases, envy, as my customers passed through and noted the amazing sexual essence this shirt radiated. I met my white knight stallion that day, where he swept me off my feet and into the passenger basket of his motorized shopping cart. I now leisurely maintain our very own single wide because this shirt let me meet the man of my dreams, assistant manager at McDonalds where he makes enough money to support us both. I never have to work again!   With all this free time I have decided to pursue my passion and spread to others the joy that Kitten Shirt has brought me. I now make my own kitten shirt beaded jewelry which I sell on amazon
sarcastic Funny how the Clintons have survived all of these supposed 'true' stories about their crimes. Maybe because they didn't actually COMMIT any of them.  This book is absolute garbage. Using conjecture and supposition, the author comes up with 'evidence' as to how the Clintons were involved and why Ron Brown was murdered. Just another right-wing attempt to discredit the Clintons. It didn't work when President Clinton was in office and it hasn't worked since.  If you really want to write a book about illegal activities, why not go after Bush? His whole presidency was one illegal activity after another starting with his illegal election.  Wish there was a ZERO stars option on Amazon, because this piece of garbage doesn't even deserve the one star it got. Shame on you for sullying the memory of Ron Brown. A fine man who worked hard to make his country a better place.
sarcastic I took my neighbor's kid to see this a while back. This movie pretty much ruined my night, and I will tell you how. We went to the theatre on a Friday night while I was baby-sitting (he was like 4 years old at the time by the way). It was a little warm out so I stopped and got us each a Big Gulp. That was my first mistake. This kid drank an entire Big Gulp of Mountain-Dew on the way to the theater (which I later realized contains a very high level of caffiene which he is not allowed to have). He said he didn't have to go to the bathroom before the movie, so I guess you can see where this is going. The theater itself was absolutely freezing, and this kid complained about it the entire time. The movie was a little boring and looked really fake. You could tell it wasn't real and was just a bunch of silly-puppets, but he was only 4 so I guess he bought it (I hope he doesn't really think fish can talk). Bla Bla Bla, the fish gets lost or whatever, lots of talking, then BAM! Shark Attack, and the kid screams and immediately proceeds to dive under the chairs, and come back up with his pants soaking wet. Great, kid. You said you didnt' have to go BEFORE the movie, so now you decide to go DURING the movie. Later on the movie whipped this kid up into a caffiene frenzy, and he takes off his wind-breaker and starts whipping it around his head, and it hit this kid behind us and the zipper tagged him in the ear. The other kid's mom gave me a dirty look, so I tried to explain that my neighbor's kid wasn't very smart because he is only 4, but then I didn't want to start an argument so I held back my tongue. The worst part actually came when the movie was finally over and we went out to eat at McDonalds. I thought it would be cute to order the kid a fish sandwich since we just saw a movie about fishes. He took a couple of bites and asked why it tasted so bad, so I simply told him what it was. So then the kid, no joke, starts throwing-up all of his fries, and what I guess was a whole lot of mountain dew all over the chair and the floor. Then he gets seriously mad at me and does the now-vomit-covered-windbreaker frenzy. He was mad because he thought I was trying to get him to eat one of the fishes in the movie or whatever. He refused to clean it up or eat the rest of his sandwich so I just took him home. We tried to have a discussion about the difference between his sandwich in the movie, but he simply said "I hate you" (great argument, kid). In conclusion I would NOT reccomend this movie due to my awful experience with this bratty kid. Also, as I mentioned earlier it looks kind of fake. Later.   howardtuttleman.com
sarcastic one word: punctuation. ok, folks heres the deal: if you enjoy reading books where there are NO QUOTATION MARKS and punctuation such as that, then go ahead, be my guest. if you happen to be SANE, then you would agree with me when i say this: it is thuroughly impossible to read a book when you cant tell who the heck is talking. what idiot translated this?! oh, and if you happen to like other things too, like, say, a good, interesting, or mildly understandable plot, then youre out of luck. god, the people around here.
sarcastic The only people on earth who are allowed to sparkle are as follows...  1) Drag Queens. A Drag Queen who does not emit sparkly fabulousness from the core of their being is a very sad thing and should be given a hug.  2) David Bowie. Need I say more?  Someone needs to explain the why's and wherefore's of this whole "sparkly vampire" business to me. I really don't understand it at all. Going out in daylight... OK, Dracula could do it if he were well fed, so why not? But sparkles?  Anyway on to the meat of this review... (which will likely get thoroughly ignored as there seems to be so much hype over this flick)  As far as I can tell, Twilight has no plot. At all. There aren't any conflicts until the last 20 minutes or so. There isn't any drama. This is a vampire movie with no conflict among the main characters, only teen angst and Bella and Edward mooning over each other. The dialog between Edward and Bella would be better if it were done with semaphore flags. Thank goodness I had rifftrax going during those awkward silences. The really sad part is that neither of them really seems to have any real reason to angst over their boring lives. Nothing's really keeping them apart. The few glimpses of indistinguishable backup high schoolers didn't have anyone telling Bella what a horrible person she was and no one went to torment "the new girl."   Anything that could be remotely called interesting would have been centered around Bella's sheriff dad and the "maulings" (read: vampire attacks) he's investigating. But the script instead goes to focus on Bella and Edward's wangsting.  Anyone who thinks of Bella as a Mary Sue, I agree. This is perhaps the worst case of published marysueitis I have ever run across. Everyone likes her. She always gets her way. People drop everything to save her even if they have utterly no interest to do so. To make things worse, I found her to be a horrible character in general. There's one scene where one of the indistinguishable backup high schoolers is asking her out to the prom and she isn't paying the poor bit character the slightest whit of attention, preferring to gaze longingly at Edward in the distance. I'm sorry, but that's just rude and under most circumstances would probably make someone a bit miffed. I don't care if the poor guy is a bit character, I'd rather a small look at any of the their small dramas, because I could at least see that they had things going on in their lives from the tiny glimpses shown in the film.  Speaking of small bit characters, the best one is some poor construction or engineering guy in a hard hat who finds himself hunted by the "OMG bad vampires." I'll give the redshirt credit, the shadowplay on the screen says that he gave them a fight and with an iota more depth, he would have fought them off. :) Go redshirt, go! I'm told that scene was not in the books. It makes me lose all desire to ever read them.  As seems to be the trend for this movie, the villains aren't developed at all. They are clearly "OMG EVOL!!!1!!" because they act like, well, normal vampires and because they see Bella as an interesting snack. Were they given more depth or a motive at all, I probably would have started to root for them. As it was, I was bored silly.  Aesthetically speaking, the film wasn't terrible, although I could have done with less cool toned lighting. Kirsten Stewart is a pale deadpan enough without the camera making it even more obvious. Also, the soundtrack has a rather pretty piano piece in the middle, supposedly composed by Robert Pattinson. I hope he manages to get himself fired from the sequels before his entire career goes down the drain. He played a good Cedric in Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.   I wouldn't recommend Twilight to anyone. No amount of pretty camera work or tiny scene additions could save this movie from a script that would have been better used as toilet paper.
sarcastic My kidz and I enjoyed this dreadful exercise in predictability and bad acting for all the wrong reasons: We playfully wagered on what actors would say next (and I use that word "actors" very loosely). It's full of cliches of all kinds. We would rewind and laugh at the scenes containing Eva Pigford's unbelievably horrid acting (please, for God's sake, stick to simply being a model!). We'd pretend to be menaced and afraid by appearances of that definitive "hood" slickster, aka Wayne Brady ("New Jack City's" Nino Brown has got nothing on him!!!). And we were amused at how surprisingly weak the basketball scenes were. The on-the-court scenes contained lots of edits and cut-aways that marked staged shots. And for a movie about b'ball, the court scenes were extremely minimal and unexciting. On a serious note, please observe this theory of mine if you rent this film (for God's sake don't buy it): Sometimes, being surrounded by bad actors and faced with a bad script can even make a good actor bad. Case in point, Anthony Mackie. He's clearly got skills, but he had no business being in this foul of a film! This movie surely falls under the "So bad it's good" banner. If you rent it expecting anything else, you will surely be disappointed.
sarcastic It arived safely (packed so well it would probably survive a plane crash) but the strings were very coroded. The tuners are decent (for a very inexpensive guitar) but once tuned all cords sounded off key. Not playable if you can hear. However if deaf it might be quite fun. The plastic fingerboard, painted binding, and plastic bridge are disapointing, but when this guitar makes it to my chop shop, the bridge pins and tuners might be usefull on another gutar. If you buy it for a child, you won't have to wory about teaching them how to tune. It will make little difference.
sarcastic Since taking delivery of my pen I have been very happy with the quality of ink deposition on the various types of paper that I have used. On the first day when I excitedly unwrapped my pen (thanks for the high quality packaging Amazon!) I just couldn't contain my excitement and went around finding things to write on, like the shopping list on the notice board in our kitchen, the Post-it notes next to the phone, and on my favorite lined A4 pad at the side of my desk.  My pen is the transparent type with a blue lid. I selected this one in preference to the orange type because I like to be able to see how much ink I have left so that I can put in another order before I finally run out.  When the initial excitement of taking delivery of my new pen started to wear off I realized that I shouldn't just write for the fun of it, this should be a serious enterprise, so by the second day of ownership I started to take a little more care of what I wrote. I used it to sign three letters, and in each case was perfectly happy with the neatness of handwriting that I was able to achieve.  I have a helpful tip for you that you might not know about - if you let the ink dry for a few seconds you can avoid the smudging that sometimes happens if you rub the ink immediately after writing. Fortunately the ink used in this particular Bic pen seems to dry very quickly.  On the third day of ownership I went on a trip to London and took my pen carefully packed away in my brief case, but I needn't have worried, this isn't some temperamental ink pen that leaks when you store it at the wrong angle. I sat at my meeting and confidently removed the cap from my pen and it wrote flawlessly, almost immediately.  I notice that the barrel of the pen has been crafted very carefully to fit in the pen holder down the edge of my Filofax. It's not so grippy so that it is hard to remove when I want to make a quick note, and yet not so loose that it falls out too easily when I open my Filofax in a hurry. Maybe the choice of surface texture on the pen has some part to play here, because it seems that the inside of the leather grip on the pen holder in my Filofax has just the right level of adhesion that I can be confident when I need to reach in and get my pen it's going to be just where I left it!  Today is the fourth day of ownership of my pen, and I have to say I'm starting to treat it like an old friend. I walk around the office with it clipped in to my shirt pocket and someone in the accounts department actually asked to borrow it while we were both standing at the photocopier. Would you believe it, they actually tried to walk away with my pen! They were very embarrassed when I called after them as they walked down the corridor and asked for it back. You will be happy to know that it is now back, safe and sound in my top pocket, ready and waiting to start writing again.  In summary, I would happily recommend this pen to anyone who is planning on writing on paper. If you are considering a writing implement for some other surface such as writing on a CD, or other non-porous substances then another pen might be better suited, but if it's just plain old paper then I think you will probably be well served by this particular model. [tx to M Williams/amazon.co.uk]
sarcastic ...he's cute, knows how to bark in tune, and is quite the dancer - and he refuses to lip-sync.  After all, they call them "live performances" for a reason, don't they?  If my last statement sounds ridiculous, it shouldn't.  The media has come a long way in the last few decades.  There was a time when a person or band really needed to work their way up to become successful, by performing in small clubs for chicken feed, hoping that one day a talent scout would recognize their talent and sign them to a recording deal.  But as the great Bob Dylan once said, the times they are a changin'.  The fact is that in this day and age, you don't need any talent whatsoever to become famous - how else to explain the ubiquity of the irrelevant Paris Hilton?    To prove my point, witness the phenomenon known as MTV, which placed the music video medium on a widespread scale.  Started in 1981, it began as an outlet for established acts, but soon came the emergence of disposible pop acts which greatly benefited from the visual exposure that MTV granted them - Milli Vanilli and Britney Spears are but two acts that would have gone nowhere without the network.  Second, let's look at multifaceted entertainers of years past.  It's much easier to respect musical artists that cross over to acting (Elvis Presley, Cher, and Barbra Streisand are examples) - after all, they had the chops to make it in music and eventually went on to garner respect in acting roles.  However, when an actor decides to take a stab at music, it makes the person seem desperate for a buck.  The completely tone-deaf Don Johnson, Bruce Willis, and Eddie Murphy made ill-advised recording efforts, but got wise and quickly went back to what they do best.  However, there are some exceptions to this rule - Jennifer Lopez is without question a below-average vocalist, but miraculously managed to sell millions of albums.  She succeeded during a time where sex appeal was everything, and talent was not a necessity - which also explains the stunning success of lip-syncing flunkies like Spears.  This brings me to Lindsay Lohan.  Once a clean-cut star of many a Disney film, upon reaching the age of 18, she has turned herself into a walking Girls Gone Wild show.  The success of Spears and Lopez clearly paved the way for Lohan to receive a record deal.  Because we all know that if you are attractive and famous for any reason at all, that must mean that you are talented enough to become a recording artist - or so we are to believe.  Despite all this, I cast aside all preconceived notions I had before I listened to this album.  Now that I have, it's safe to assume that A & R people would have laughed hysterically at Lohan if she were an unknown - her debut album Speak is, in a word: abysmal.  Modern technology keeps her voice in tune, but it doesn't help the slick, lifeless arrangements or the incredibly insipid lyrics (of which I can't be bothered to print).  Given the minimal amount of effort spent on this release (including very few live instruments), Lohan might as well have phoned in all of her "contributions" to this recording.  The worst offender of all tracks here has to be "Rumors" ... pity poor Lohan, who can't deal with paparazzi following her every move.  Honey, if it's privacy you're looking for, you entered the wrong profession - leave Hollywood, become a coal miner, and I guarantee you that no one will ever bother you again.  Problem solved.  In summary: Yet another actor who thinks she can sing, Lindsay Lohan put forth a very weak effort that isn't worth the disc it's printed on.  There are far more talented artists out there performing in hotel bars just to make ends meet - by not giving your support to hacks like Lohan, record labels will have to work harder to discover genuine, deserving talent.  Definitely pass on this release.  
sarcastic This TV lacks a number of features.  The sound is really poor, using built-in speakers.  I called Samsung complaining about poor sound, they didn't like hearing it. Poor AVC...audio volume goes weak then strong and never the same strength when changing channels.  One reason for poor sound, Samsung says, is internal speakers face backward, so if you have TV up against wall, sound hits wall. If they know this, why don't they mount them forward...?     Owners instruction manual is absurdly poor.  Written on cheap paper, small draft-quality text, poor descriptions, and ridiculously inferior setup information.   Shame on Samsung.  (This set is made in Mexico.....that explains a lot ! ).  If you want good owner manuals, look to Panasonic, Visio, Toshiba, etc...but not Samsung...!  The Samsung remote control is cramped & limited...! One good feature is picture quality and color tone when you use the 'Natural' setting....which is the closest thing to natural skin tone I've seen on any TV...and the sharpness is excellent....sharp, crisp, clear picture....just beautiful when watching the nature programs...!
sarcastic Very nice folds, and creative too....but who wants to use something that has been touched and folded a dozen times by another person's hands?! Stick to napkins and towels, or the very basic of toilet paper folds. To say nothing of the environmental impact of all the extra toilet paper used.
sarcastic I had recently purchased a used car from my friend Dr. Emmitt Brown, and was told I needed to purchase nuclear material to enjoy the full benefits of the car.  I saw this item on Amazon and thought I was in luck.  Unfortunately, the use of uranium in my Delorean had some unforseen consequences.  As I entered a California freeway, I knew I had to speed up to 90 MPH, or I would be run off the road.  As I approached this speed, many weird things started to happen, and long story short, I was somehow transported to the year 1996.  Knowing the past sports outcomes of the last decade, I went to Las Vegas and correctly predicted the winner of every World Series, Super Bowl, NBA Finals.  Now, I am a billionaire and married to my childhood sweetheart, after I killed her husband.  Thank you uranium ore, for making my dreams come true.
sarcastic At last, recipes for the Mensan!  The recipe chapter is an expansion of the idea set forth in A Modest Proposal by Jonathan Swift, but without the political bite.  The rest of the book is composed of Mr. Frumkes forays into the urban jungle.  They tend to be breezy and long-winded, with very little substance.  The observations in the book are good for a giggle, but don't expect a glimpse of the deeper ironies - there weren't any real belly laughs in this book.  If you are in Mensa, this book belongs on your shelf.  However, if you are looking for some meaty humor, you likely won't find it here.  
sarcastic I must say that I was initially excited about this book. Knitting with dog hair seems like one of those ideas that every pet-owning, recycling, energy-conscious responsible human being should subscribe to. However, one little thing you should be aware of before you get this book. You have to REMOVE the hair from the dog BEFORE you knit. I really wish I had been told this before I started. Sure Scout makes a great hat, but it's really embarrassing if you are walking down the street, wearing your admittedly very stylish chapeau, and the hat pees down the back of your neck. Believe me, after the sixth or seventh time that happened I realized there was something wrong.  Fortunately Scout is getting old and struggles less and less each time I wear him and has learned to thrash his legs when he needs to be let down to "do his business" (although that causes problems, too, I'll have to get a book about how to knit bandages from mouse hair next). However, I've been thinking about a pair of socks and I'm pretty sure the knitting techniques will be similar, but my cats Snookums and Woogy seem to get very edgy whenever I pick up my razor.
sarcastic I made several batches of beer with a variety of mixes, waters and techniques. All resulting in a barely drinkable malt beverage (I refuse to use the term beer). Even though I changed up the mixes and used different recipes every batch tasted the same. Ben Franklin once said &quot;Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy&quot;. The product produced by my Mr Beer was proof that the devil exists and he likes to play jokes on us.
sarcastic To comment on the tyranny of Levin, I took the liberty of quoting him.  Here goes...  Levin says this about the Liberal:  He rejects the relativism that blurs the lines between good or bad, right or wrong, just and unjust, and means and ends. (3). Comment: I must have missed your offer of proof of this assertion.  "As the word `liberal' is, in its classical meaning, the opposite of authoritarianism, it is more accurate, therefore, to characterize the Modern Liberal as a Statist." (4) Comment:  In other words, invent a straw man term with no premise or foundation offered, in order to constantly knock down this straw man...the Statist.  It would be like me declaring this of conservatives:  "Let's call them Clubists, as in those who'd aspire to be approved by or could afford join a country club, where the only minorities are servers, or as in the case of Limbaugh, who uses words like clubs to make his point."  According to Levin, the Liberal is "angry, resentful, petulant and jealous.  He is incapable of honest self-assessment and rejects the honest assessment of others... Therefore, he must destroy society, piece by piece." (15-16). Comment:  Again, I missed his proofs of this broad-brush description.  It would be like a Liberal asserting, "The Clubist is greedy, imperious, humorless, irresponsible and generally looks like the love child of Dick Morris and Ann Coulter."  No back-up data necessary.   "Hollywood...uses entertainment to besmirch civil society." (19-20).   Comment:  Again, broad strokes, no back up.  But my favorite, in light of BP and Halliburton's criminal drilling on the cheap that threatens to destroy the Gulf of Mexico, "The Statist's heavy hand has gripped the oil industry for more than one hundred years.  The oil industry...has become, in essence, a quasi-state-run enterprise, because it cannot drill...without receiving government permission, complying with government regulations... When the Statist prevents oil companies from drilling news wells in...most coastal areas, he is driving down the supply..." (74) Comment:  don't I wish...  "By 2008, GM and Chrysler were essentially broke, and Ford was on the brink." (80). 	Comment:  Ford never claimed to be on the brink of anything, but Levin's logic is.  P.S. Levin doesn't like tenure, but likes tradition, one of which is tenure.  Which is it?      
sarcastic This is quite possibly the worst book I have ever read.  To begin with, the story is blase, the world is never described, even the main character and her &quot;powers&quot; are not properly explored.  The writing sounds  like a cross between a smarty pants teenager with the fantasy of a nine  year old wrapped into a very uncreative roleplayer who wanted to make a  one-dimensional character fly into our hearts. WRONG.  Even the writer  losses her own consistency.  Halfway through the story, I'm reading of the  events taking place through a Saturday, and what happened to the characters  earlier that morning was described as happening the day before.  Am I the  only person with it?  How could the author and the editors have missed such  a thing?  All the characters actions were misplaced and the reasons,  unmotivated.  If you want to bore yourself, and spend the 7 bucks it takes  to read to the witless dialogue and waste the rest of your time trying to  grasp the very underdevloped world of Hamilton's, please go to the library,  or else you'll hate yourself.  I instead suggest sitting infront of the TV  on Tuesdays and watching some Buffy.  It's a much better portrayal of the  supernatural, with smart, intelligent characters and writing to boot.
sarcastic The constant blinking lights hurt my eyes and were not relaxing. I searched for an option to turn off the lights but I could not find it. So I guess there is none. I have no idea how this helps someone go to sleep unless they put duct tape over the lights. I returned it the next day for a full refund saying it was different from the website description.  It was not stress relieving; it created more stress!
sarcastic To say "Cop Out" is bad is to underestimate how excrable this movie truly is!  I can safely say that "Cop Out" is one of the worst movies I ever sat through; and I've sat through some really bad ones.  Not only is the pacing poor, the rapport forced, and the acting awful, there ar less laughs in this 'buddy comedy' than there were in "Julia and Julia."  Bruce Willis merely goes through the motions and looks like he was having second thoughts in merely every scene. Tracy Morgan should be given the 2011 Razzie right now...He's that bad.  The plot is a mish-mash of Beverly Hills Cop, Fletch, 48 Hours, and Lethal Weapon.  The music has been lifted right out of Fletch and you'll be longing for even one moment as funny as the weakest moment from any of the above named films.   Do yourself a favor and avoid this movie like it was guaranteed to infect you with the Bubonic Plague.
sarcastic I was really looking forward to this game, man what a bummer. Now I know I'm in the minority here but it's my take on this game and here it goes.  Well, so far I've put in at least 6 hours...6 hours of agonizing bordom! I just don't get what all the "hype" is about. It's almost as if you have to like this game or you're not "cool" by the way people talk about it. Guess I'm not cool, I freakin hate this game.   I actually restarted the game to go ith my lowered my expectations and see if I could bare through it. No go.  The pace is so slloowwwww. My god people, how the hell can you deal with this? I would much rather read a good book than play this, it's far more exciting and stimulating.  The graphics are just so-so, nothing great here. The animations pretty much blow, pretty clunky to say the least. AI isn't the greatest either. And it's so wordy, like I said, if I'm gonna spend hours reading I would rather read a book.  Maybe I'm just spoiled when it comes to RPGs having an uber gaming computer and having played some pretty amazing RPGs.  The break down of this game is as follows.  49% Talking 49% Traveling 2% Action/picking up trash  I'm so glad I got it used, I would really be ticked if I wasted $60 on this.  You've been warned.
sarcastic I own a KitchenAid mixer - which I loved until Motor Oil started leaking into my food.  Just do a quick internet search on Kitchen Aid leaking oil and you'll get plenty of information - in particular that the company won't do anything about it, other than tell you to use your mixer more often.  Give me a break!!  Everytime I use it, I sit with paper toweling to catch the oil before it gets into the food.  No more Kitchen Aid or Whirlpool products in my house.
sarcastic Like a good Faux News reporter, Ken Gormley hides under a facade of facts, but somehow fails after nine years of research to answer the basic questions, like what were Kenneth Starr's motives for going well beyond his charter and sending investigators into Arkansas to dig into Clinton's personal life.  How did Starr allow investigators to wire Linda Tripp in an effort to get to Monica Lewinsky, when Tripp's allegations had nothing to do with Starr's Whitewater investigation, but everything to do with a witch hunt?  Gormley seems to think that by failing to ask the tough questions, he can make it seem like he is not taking sides, but don't be fooled.  Look, if you are a Bill and Hilary Clinton-hater, you will love this book, but if you are looking for the facts and the truth, pass on this one.  Gormley has nothing for you.  Gormley should just crawl back under his rock, and leave publishing to journalists who know the truth when they see it.  This book is nothing more than an extension of the Starr Inquisition into the next decade.  Enough already.
sarcastic I can't believe the television ad calls this a thriller.  The only thrilling part of it was that I was finished with it.  I continued to read it so I could be done with it.  Maybe Patterson (or his writers that do the work) should write less books and try for quality!
sarcastic Spacious. Legendary. Ultra. Hunger. These are just a few of the words I feel dwelling inside my under carriage when wrapped in this fabulous fabric. I suggest buying two pairs in two colors: that way you have a second chance at a first impression.  Now, detractors would note the unflattering colour scheme besetting these magical pantaloons. Yet, fear not for attracting a few lunch-apotamii. There is nothing wrong with tossing a few droplets of your Manonade into a lovable lady of girth. I can truly attest to the fact that your fellow brethren will be in envy when you bestride the local roller skating rink. Truly a man's greatest pleasure is a slow rolling waltz around those beautiful waxed flows, whilst the soulful tunes of Foghat lambast the general public. Take it from me. The funk will surely fly.   Remember, rock infinitely.
sarcastic Good luck getting this on once you've filled it, and good luck filling it once you squeeze it on.
sarcastic [Spoiler alert.  Nothing overt, but I do touch on the ending indirectly.] Burning questions for anyone who liked this movie: Q. Why does Ringwald appear repulsed by Cryer the first time she sees him? A. So that the audience can identify with her, even though it turns out they're best friends. Q. Why does Ringwald's best friend disappear halfway through the movie? A. Because the actress died.  But that's no reason to keep the scenes she shot, with no explanation of the character's disappearance, and then scribble new material for Annie Potts' record shop supervisor as the new best friend in the second half of the movie. Q. Why does Spader look like he belongs in college, not high school? A. Because he was clearly too old for the part, although he was otherwise perfect. Q. Speaking of Spader, why has he been chasing Ringwald for years if nothing about people outside of his social status appeals to him? A. Plot point Hughes thought he had to have, but it's actually unnecessary. Q. Why are we supposed to think that Ringwald's perfectly decent house is trashy and shameful? A. Because audiences would presumably be repulsed by genuine poverty.  (It's also a mystery why she's so ashamed of it if she rejects the values of her snobby classmates so vehemently.) Q. Why in the novelization does Duckie get the leading lady and not in the movie? A. Because the writer of the novelization knew what the only real logical ending was.  Hughes mistook gloss over substance again, as he did in &quot;The Breakfast Club,&quot; where Ally Sheedy's transformation from quirky indivualist to Barbie doll was supposed to be a good thing. Q. Why, if the characters' emotions and actions are supposed to ring true, does Potts almost blind a customer with a staple gun? A. Because cheap, easy laughs are excused by audiences raised on sitcoms and music videos. Q. Why, if Cryer and Ringwald are in the same grade and therefore presumably the same age, can't he get into the same nightclub she can? A. Don't ask me. Q. Why is the father played by Stanton such a weakling? A. It's required in any movie from the late 70s on where a child or teenager is the protagonist.  Has there been a parental figure in movies in the last 25 years as charming and authoritative as Ferris Bueller? Q. Why would anyone hire an actor whose idea of emoting is to press his lips together and bulge his eyes out? A. Ask Andrew McCarthy's agent. Can I recommend anything about this movie?  Yes.  Cryer is genuinely appealing in his best role.  The soundtrack still kicks.  And the climax (moments before the ending itself falls apart, when you think the right thing is about to happen, before it doesn't) is genuinely touching, because Duckie deserves happiness and Andy deserves Duckie.
sarcastic CASIO watches are the best thing that has ever invented. I bought this watch a little less than a month ago and was shocked and awed by the amount of attention I received over it. Before I bought the CASIO CA53W-1 Watch with Calculator I was a nothing, I was no one, no one on my campus recognized me. All of the people I knew were stupid gaming retards, all they cared about was Modern Warfare 2 coming out soon. They were like "Sean come play Modern Warfare with us, it totally is the best game ever. Play Modern Warfare to tune your skills for Modern Warfare 2." and I told them to get some lotion and go into the bathroom because I wasn't playing any more video games, I was becoming a man. The first thing I did was to sell my xbox 360 and all its accessories on craigslist for $150 (I had a lot of stuff), the reason being was that I had an epiphany when they told me to play Modern Warfare with them. The epiphany is: there will always be new video games coming out, most of them aren't worth your time. Anyways so I sold my xbox, and then I got a haircut. Well I got many hairs cut and ended up getting a fashionable haircut like that of Edward Cullen on Twilight. I figure all the girls love him right? They all want to take him into the bathroom without lotion or Maxim, if I look like him, I will get all the babes. I also got a Bowflex PR3000 Home Gym, now I work out 3 times a week and I am totally ripped (well at least I'm ripping). I then purchased this CASIO CA53W-1 Watch with Calculator, the first girl that talked to me about it was Janet, from my circuit analysis class. She told me that she liked my watch, that maybe we should hang out sometime. Janet had always been my dream girl, smart, funny, engineering major, mildly overweight (but in a good way), and she loved CASIO watches. I mean who doesn't right? Well I decided that the first girl that talked to me about my watch was going to be the one. I left circuit analysis class walking next to Janet, my ex-friend Jake from Modern Warfare came up to me and asked if I wanted to play in 20 minutes. I asked him what 7251 times 8 was, he couldn't tell me. I flashed him my CASIO CA53W-1 Watch with Calculator and told him to go into the bathroom with some lotion and a copy of Maxim, he knew immediately that he would never talk to me again. I cannot more highly recommend this watch to anyone, it is comfortable, has a watch, calculator, alarm clock, and most importantly for Janet and I it has a stopwatch.
sarcastic Great, buy a more expensive piece of hardware so you can download games that are locked to it. This is a great step in the direction of renting all your games. No thanks. Plus, you lose backwards compatibility of the GBA. Shorter battery life than the DS Lite! The DS lite is a cheaper and better portable system.
sarcastic As far as I can tell, there are only two explanations for this book.  Either Klosterman was trying to write a satire of what a self-important, but not very intelligent a**hole, would write in a series of essays or Klosterman is a self-important, but not very intelligent a**hole.  I'm going w/ the later.  Just a few examples: - In one of the essays Klosterman argues that soccer will never make it big in America.  On this point we agree.  His argument based on his failure as a little league baseball coach.  Apparently, Klosterman tried to be one of those hyper-intense coaches who tried to work out his own personal daddy issues by trying to turn a team of 9 year olds into a finely tuned baseball machine.  Because this didn't work out, and Klosterman might have a problem with women, soccer will never make it big in America. Um, okay.  - Klosterman's discussion of math and probability would embarass a stoned 16 year old with it's facile reasoning.  -  Like other writers of his generation, of which I am part, Klosterman has somehow confused an obsession with, and Rainman like recall of, certain pop culture elements (cereal, Saved by the Bell, The Real World)with actual knowledge and understanding.  Perhaps one day he will read a book or see a movie created before the 1960s.  
sarcastic These colors don't run, but the wolves do,  fast. For your best chance of survival, hold very still and avoid eye contact.  I got this shirt because it is a smokey blue. (the only blue I'll ware) The graphics were just a bonus. But more and more I've grown to love these guys. See, I think the wolf should replace the bald eagle as our mascot because the wolf is only found in the United States, and they're bad. The bals-eagle, however, has been extinct for years and when they were alive, they were everywhere.
sarcastic It's in here somewhere.  With me.    Woke up this morning to find that my Guardian Angel had shattered.  The inside was slimy and green.  Moments later, heard a skittering sound behind some furniture.  Found that during the night, phone lines had been cut, and all the doors and windows are shut with some kind of Super Glue like substance.  My cell phone has been smashed.  I can't get out.  It didn't cut the cable internet, so I've got online to warn you, don't buy the guarslkdj;al b bbbbbbbbbbbbbb,,,,,,,,,,,wke;lj  feeling better now.  Everything is fine.  I will be sending a Guardian Angel to all of it's friends, family, neighbors, and associates.  All humans must get one.  Five stars.  The most relaxing experience ever.  I will never have another worry ever again after buying this product, and you will feel total fulfillment in service of a force infinitely greater than yourself.  Buy it.  You will never know pain after you feel the slight pinching at the back of your skull.     
sarcastic I ordered 300 of these individually gift wrapped for a client's wedding and was horrified to learn 14 minutes before the reception that this is NOT REAL CRYSTAL!!!  From an arms length and after 3 stoli martinis this could easily pass for Ireland's finest leaded or even a clear quartz from the mines of Malay but one look under the jewelers glass and it was immediately apparent that Bic was using low grade plastique.  I will give their craftsmen due credit for their obvious mastery with the grinding and polishing wheels, as i've rarely encountered such precision in a "cigarette cut" piece.  But crystal?  Snort! I THINK NOT!
sarcastic My copilot and I both used these during our "daily grind" transcontinental flights from San Diego to Minneapolis.  We had to modify them a bit to fit snug against the instrument panels (when we bought them we didn't realize the planes we fly don't have steering wheels!), but in the end it did the job.  With our laptops firmly in place we were able to focus our attention on what really mattered, participating in raids with our WoW clan. During our last flight we were so immersed in trying to take down Eranikus that we overshot Minneapolis by a full hour and a half before some annoying flight attendant interrupted us, babbling something about "FAA and F16 fighters."  We'll definitely use this product again at our next gig, whatever and whenever that happens to be...  Highly recommended!  
sarcastic I love the watch BUT? What so ECO about it "batteries" that need to be produced and then disposed of? I know that before I bought mine but I'm sure a bunch of tree huggers that bought one didn't!
sarcastic Bart Simpson put it best "only a girl could make a movie with vampires and werewolves boring.." That describes "New Moon" perfectly.  The first Twilight film was tolerable. Slow moving, a little flat, but tolerable. Instead of moving things to a new level, New Moon wallows in the same somber material that was in the first film. But this time, girls, there are boys with no shirts = werewolves! How exciting? No, not really -  especially when there is so much maudlin dialog spread throughout this film.  I have to give credit to the marketing people and the producers. They managed to create something that can directly tap into the pre-teen, teen female movie-goer. Guys know, sensitivity is a hard thing to fake, but if you fake it well then you, just like this film,  will be real popular with the ladies. The romantic mythology of this age group is a very powerful thing and this film carefully harnesses that energy, generating massive ticket sales.   But is the film deserving of such attention? No, its not well made, the acting is boring and bad and the movie is unintentially funny. Lets hope this fad dies a quick death.
sarcastic I was heartbroken when it was cancelled and became a huge fan of directv when they picked it up for season 3...BUT I just read on [...] (which is linked to Amazon) that they are releasing only the shortened/edited NBC season 3 - not the full episodes aired on directv's Channel 101.  AND changing the music for the dvds.  Basically, the fans and directv saved this show - and NBC is going to shaft the fans-AGAIN- by releasing shortened episodes instead of full directv episodes.  I'm SOOOOOOOOOOOOO MAD.  How much more could it really cost to release the entire episodes?  And something has to be done to negotiate use of the music up front because fans of all shows usually love the music that was originally chosen by the original creative forces behind the show - rather than after the fact, haphazard changing the music to save money.  If you are willing to spend $30 on season 3 (or buy it on sale) - you would probably spend $40 just as easily to get the full episodes with the real music.  What a racket!  I usually hate 1 star reviews that have nothing to do with the show - but the way it was released(like a volume 1 etc. just to make money) but when the way it is being released means you have no access to the full episodes on dvd-I think it deserves 1 star because it is content related.  At least with a volume 1, they may be squeezing you for money but you know you have the option to buy volume 2 and get the entire season.  This way, you just get edited episodes - with no hope of full episodes.  By the way, it also said there would be a season 4&5 - YAHOO!!
sarcastic Hello, I live in the shadow of the largest casino in the Western hemisphere. As a compulsive gambler and liar, this is both a boon and a burden; I only make enough money gambling to continue gambling, because I was fired from my job for gambling. My dream was to work at the casino, where I could get more money to spend at the casino. However, all of the people who work at the casino are Native Americans and they were probably racist (at my white). I applied for a job more times than I can count on my nine fingers, but they always threw me out of the interview, usually before I could even vomit.  But one day, I was browsing amazon.com and I stumbled upon The Mountain Three Wolf Moon Short Sleeve Tee (tm) while I was looking for Mountain Dew and wolves, and I knew that things were about to change for me. I sold my year's supply of food stamps to a wino for about 30 bucks, and immediately signed up for an account and sent the shirt to my mom's house.  Tense. Joy. Nervous. Happy. These words and more are words that I thought or felt as I ripped into the box with my claws that I made from biting my nails into points, being careful not to damage the 100% cotton fibers. I put on the shirt right away, hopped the bus to the casino and requested a job interview.  The managers were already very familiar with me, but when they stood up to physically eject me from the room, they noticed my The Mountain Three Wolf Moon Short Sleeve Tee. They were transfixed for over seven-and-a-half minutes. One of their noses started to bleed. The shirt spoke to them, as it had spoken to me. They knew that there was something special about this shirt, and about this man wearing it before them. They knelt on the ground, waved some herbs around, and turned down the AC to make a makeshift sweat lodge--this was the real deal. I could tell, because I think they did something like that on Dances with Wolves or something (wolves, again).  Before long, I was accepted into the tribe as one of the members. They offered me a beautiful native virgin, and I have been talking to her on Facebook to see if she is the type of girl I might want to see a movie with (probably not, unless she gets a tattoo on her lower back or ankle). I also got a dog.
sarcastic While from a purely academic standpoint this book is informative, interesting, and overall excellently written, it has a far greater purpose than simply to satisfy idle curiosity.  Monkeys and apes exist as one of the greatest threats to mankind.  I submit as evidence the multiple cases of chimps just flipping out and going bananas on their owners, often biting off noses, fingers, and testes, or even killing their comparatively helpless victims.  A 90 pound chimp is more than a match for most fully grown men.  Capuchins, while seemingly innocuous due to their diminutive stature and "cute" appearance, are possibly the worst of the bunch.  Disturbingly self-aware, capuchins (as described in this book) are probably the most intelligent of the new world monkeys, possessing exceptionally large brains for their body size (second only to humans).  In addition, Michelle Press does an excellent job of describing some of the more frightening actions of these simian killing machines, including forming totem poles of up to four monkeys piled on top of each other as they converge on their doomed prey.  I encourage anyone at all concerned about the growing threat of capuchin dominance to read this book in order to stem the tide of the marmoset menace.  The next person they go ape on could be you.
sarcastic Here is a book that either changed people's lives or irritated the bejesus out of them. Count me among the latter.   Eat Pray Love - One Woman's Search for Everything Across Italy, India and Indonesia by Elizabeth Gilbert was supposed to enlighten me. It didn't.  OK -- First the positive: Overall, it is a well-written book. The author takes many complicated metaphysical concepts and makes them readable. The book is divided into sections: Eat, which is the author's journey to Italy; Pray, her pilgrimage to India and Love, where she takes a lover in Bali.   This is about a thirty-something woman looking for spirituality and happiness. She is married, but desperately unhappy for no single reason that she cannot or will not divulge. So, she leaves her husband (and, by the way, gives him all marital property out of supposed "guilt" for leaving him, making me wonder what exactly she did to warrant this)and falls right into another relationship (a-ha! adultery, perhaps?). When the rebound relationship that broke up her marriage falls apart, she now wants to find God. Of course. She claims God spoke to her on the bathroom floor, thus beginning her journey.  But not before she goes to her publisher and secures a $200,000 advance for this book. Makes you wonder, as one reviewer on Amazon pointed out, was the journey retrofitted to the book proposal?   What better way to go find God than in Italy. For four months she eats gelato, practices her Italian with a young man named Luca Spaghetti (If you are going to make up names of allegedly real people, could you find a more sterotypical name? Why not Carmine OrganGrinder?) and gains 23 pounds -- quick to point out to the readers that she was way underweight to beign with.   She learns to enjoy life and be selfish from the Italians - who by the way still find her immensely attractive, although they don't hoot and holler at her like they did 10 years previously. But she is still so damned cute. Just ask her.   On to India. At the Ashram, she learns to meditate and still broods over her lost marriage and subsequent realtionship. Probably the most boring part of the book, except for her conversations with "Richard from Texas" -- a down home, larger than life character who speaks in folksy platitudes that would make Andy Griffith proud. He also bestows our author with her nickname "Groceries" because she was emaciated from grief from crying for the millionth time over her beloved David. As one reviewer from Amazon said, "What kind of nickname is Groceries?"   I honestly believe she made these people up. Reminds me of "Go Ask Alice" -- supposedly the real story of the drug-addicted Anonymous -- until it was revealed that the protagonist was a fictitious composite of the author's psychiatric patients. Boo.  Then Bali. She ends her self-imposed celibacy with an older Brazilian man. High on orgasmic ecstasy, out of the supposed goodness of her heart, she asks her friends to send $18K in donations to help a single mother, an alleged friend of Ms. Gilbert's, who is portrayed as a con artist because she didn't buy a house in the timeframe coinciding with the termination of Ms. Gilbert's visa. I always thought that a gift should be a gift without strings attached -- especially coming from someone who supposedly found God. I wanted to ask Ms. Gilbert "What Would Jesus Do?"  My biggest problem with this tome is that this 30-something woman basically is looking for applause for running off for a year, obstensibly supported by a $200K book advance, to "find God." I'm sure millions of women would love to leave their everyday lives and travel the world to do nothing but self analyze. If she had done volunteer work, I may have felt differently. If she went through some real hardship, I could sympathize. But she was in an incompatible marriage, then dumped by the guy she left her husband for. She should perhaps speak to those battling life-threatening diseases, or raising children alone, or taking care of an elderly parent, or worried about where their next meal is coming from.  And for all of her self-realization and navel-gazing to end her dependence on men, Ms Gilbert has, as pointed out by anotherAmazon reviewer, married her Brazilian and moved to new Jersey. She could have saved Penguin Books a whole lot of money by getting in her car and going through the Lincoln Tunnel. I wonder how long before she ends up back on the bathroom floor.  
sarcastic Try, if you can, to put to one side GaGa's irritating self-obsession and her ridiculous delusion that she's somehow in on a 'party' and is 'sharing it' with us lowly non-famous people, and let's look at the album on it's own merits. Surely it can't be THAT bad, right? She has credentials, after all. She's worked with some respectable collaborators, after all. She can hold a note, after all.  Sadly, none of this seems to have counted for much at all. What we have here is the very worst pop sludge, making it's ugly way off the predictable, unoriginal treadmill of weak pop music and into the mindset of the hysterical masses, whose purchases and subsequent success of that which they purchase fool both consumer and artist alike into attributing far more quality to a product like this than it actually warrants.  Put simply, this is rubbish. Over indulgent, shallow and completely inconsequential rubbish of the kind we'll look back at in five years time and wonder what on earth so many people were thinking by buying it in large quantities. Presumably GaGa knows this already, hence her insistence on dribbling out barely coherent concepts of her fans being 'part of her lifestyle' (as if it's in any way desirable), and distracting us by flashing her body as if it adds anything other than something most women will cringe at and be rightly embarssed for her about.  Given her past contacts, this really is unforgivable tripe. Its success is no justification for it's supposed quality. We all know that if the sheep are spoon-fed something and told it's good by radio stations and celebrity magazines, they'll inevitably lap it up thoughtlessly. Given how many artists are actually putting out decent music that gets overlooked because some trumped up nobody with favourable contacts and a good body puts out garbage like this, it's a real tragedy that everything other than quality seems to be the criteria that measures success.
sarcastic Panasonic failed to update its marketing details for this model. It was sold with the promise of full compatibility with Viera Cast, with a URL listed. When one goes to the Viera Cast Web site to find out what Viera Cast includes, they see Netflix and Skype, with NO mention that these only work on *certain* models. They may not be making more of these models, but they are still in circulation, being sold new at places like Walmart. Only after a person checks numerous sites for reviews, and googles tech news, does one learn that Netflix and Skype are not included. Deceptive, wrong and infuriating. If our wii from several years ago can integrate Netflix, Panasonic should be able to do the same. They also promised that Viera Cast would be upgradeable, so that buyers of the original models did not have to worry about their model being obsolete. Liars. I will never buy another Panasonic product. There are plenty of other brands that are loyal to their customers.
sarcastic Picked this up for use in one of my kid's 'diversity' projects in school (Great Success!), and stuck the leftovers in the cabinet next to the baking soda.  Ran out of toothpaste, and remembered how you're supposed to be able to use baking soda to clean your teeth, so of course, I accidentally used this instead, and Wow!  all I can say is, my teeth have never been cleaner!  They sparkle, they tingle, and for some reason, they STAY clean now, no matter what.  Highly recommended!  However, when I ran out of that fire-ant killer powder stuff, I figured I would try some for that too.  Big mistake!  Boy, it sure did not kill those ants!  Fortunately, those suckers get slower as they get bigger, so I have been able to use a shovel to take care of most of them, one at a time though, the sneaky devils.  And the darn trash man refuses to take them away..  I would have given this product 5 stars for the teeth and the project on embracing diversity, but I deducted one star because of the giant mutant ants.
sarcastic I didn't like this at all, it had a really funky taste. I tried several times to drink it and finally just threw it away - and I'm really tight with the dollar!
sarcastic I identify most closely with traditional Republican values. I don't know what the hell is going on in the minds of the people running the Republican Party, though. They need to shut this superficial,  down (because you know the money used to make this book is directly from contributions) and get back to reality. What happened to content? Original, critical thought? Passion for upholding American ideals, which are deeper and more complicated than this buzz-word dropping, catch-phrase parroting fraud (Palin) can ever understand? This book is simply a regurgitation of the same vapid, smarmy drivel that we got in the campaign, but even more self-absorbed and pointless. The last election was truly an embarrassment, and I know Democrats are hoping that Palin is nominated to run for president in 2012. Didn't we learn anything last time? Unless Obama gets caught actually making casserole out of live Girl Scouts, he would win re-election in his sleep. It would be like playing chess against a fish. Or Sarah Palin.  This book is yet another blow to the already blind, confused, derelict and hopelessly adrift Republican Party. The Party leaders (and all leaders) ought to be re-reading the Federalist Papers, Common Sense and the Constitution instead of wasting their time reading or supporting this garbage. Please, please, make her stop!
sarcastic This DVD will make you thinner, tanner, and more attractive to both men and women. Stuff it in your pants or bra to get that extra edge.  You didn't do a good job.    Great Job!  
sarcastic Oops, I just channeled negative energy out there. So I will get rubbish back, my bad. Actually, what "The Secret" proves, when it comes to the "law of attraction" is true -- stupidity attracts the stupid.  That's why stupid secrets generate stupid money. Stupid is as stupid buys ...   Gosh darn. I'm being negative again. I need to burn me some more DVD's...  
sarcastic Foreget that furry, lame wolf.  Reptils are wear its at. I where this shrt everyday on my meals on wheels route, and I love the attraction it gets. ALready four of my clients have propsed, and a couple of them have sealed the deal, if you know what I meen.  First of all, everything fears cobras. Everything. That is the power of the snake. Second, it looks like the tattoo that that cool guy Snake PLitkin had on his stomach without the pain of a tattoo. Chicks dig snakes. Everyone knows that.  I have worn this shirt everyday since i got it, and it just gets cleaner, dew to the amazing power of the shnake.  Also, it is army green which is my favorite color and I would have joined hte army if it wasn't for my asthma.  When I go tot he local biker bar, the smokers outside move aside because of the power of the snake.  I am going to by three more for seatcovers for my Vega.  Great Product!
sarcastic This movie is awesome. After careful consideration, ive decided that no person could possibly make a movie THIS BAD unless that is their goal; and boy does Uwe Boll deliver. Everything is perfect: the dialogue, the cast, cinematography, music, sound effects, wow. Wrap these elements into an incoherent storyline and you have all the ingredients for an alcohol-fueled film party of epic proportions. A movie so bad it has to be seen to believed. MARCO!!!
sarcastic First of all, I HATE 3rd person games where shooting is involved.  Someone talked me into getting this game.  I should have known better.  You get ONE walk through on how to do a duel.  I have no idea how the heck I made it through the first one.    Another thing I hate is games with a lot of cut scenes.  Oh my God but you have to wait a friggin' hour before this game finally gets through all of its opening cut scenes and lets you finally play the game.  (I exagerate here only slightly)   Fast forward to tonight.  I played the game for two hours.  I go through cut scene hell, pushing cows (lots of excitement in that), roping horses, and figuring out how to stay on them to break them.  It says "stay centered" but the screen jumps around so much you can't figure out what is centered.  I finally get through all of that and take my new horse to town.  Now, when you first load the game, it tells you it has an auto save and gives you the option to turn it off.  So, of course, I left the auto save on.  Rockstar's definition of autosave is apparently not the same as mine.  After getting my new horse to town, I run into a guy who wants to duel. OK.  I saw that it gave me a walk through last time, I'll get one this time just like you do with poker, right?  Wrong.  Nothing.  I hit one button and I'm dead.  Guess what else?  No friggin' auto save.  I'm right back to where I was 2 hours ago.  I will have to go through all that stupid cow herding and horse breaking again, with all of its associated and asinine cut scenes.  I snatched the game out of the xbox, put it back on the shelf, and it will likely stay there for quite some time.  This game sucks.  Period.  Edit: I found a how to dueling thread on [apparently, Amazon won't let you post a link, but it is on reddeadDOTnet -- see the comments for the actual link] for those who are going to buy this game anyway and those who already have it that may be as frustrated with the lack of instructions as I am. It helped me figure out the dueling system.  Whatever you do, don't ask for help there without searching the threads or the fanboys will be on you faster than they are here on Amazon.  Second Edit: I am forcing myself to finish this game.  This space will catalogue the various glitches, bugs, and annoyances that I find with the game as I go along.  Will these get fixed in a patch?  I hope so, but I doubt it.  1.  Despite what is claimed in the comments to my review, not every cut scene can be skipped.  The larger ones can be skipped by pressing "a".  However, the more constant and smaller cut scenes such as looting, skinning and picking flowers/herbs cannot be skipped by pressing "a".  What I have found, at least with skinning is that if you stop your horse just to the right of the animal and dismount on top of it, it will SOMETIMES skip the cut scene.  2.  Broken camera angles.  This is the major failure of ALL third person shooters.  In this particular game, it means that in a confined space (in a building, mine, or some such area) you can be looking at whatever it is you want to shoot and have the dot on the target, but when you pull the trigger the round hits whatever object you are standing next to.  This can get you killed in a hurry because while you can't hit the target, the target CAN hit you.  3.  The instructions, both in-game and the manual, are pathetic.  As some of the fanboys have said (with a perverse sense of pride that I cannot fathom), the game leaves you figuring out a lot of its controls through trial and error.  Error in this game means you die and go back to your last saved area.  Sometimes this means completely across the map.  That's a heckuva price to pay for trial and error.  4.  Senseless mission fails.  There are ways to fail missions that make no sense and cannot be avoided unless you know about them.  In the first horse roping mission, for example, if you get too far away from Bonnie, you fail -- even if you are pursuing one of the horses you are supposed to catch.  You can fail the barn burning mission by bumping into Bonnie (you "assaulted" her), or jumping the fence on your horse (you "terrorized the townsfolk").    5.  Crashes.  After learning my lesson the hard way about autosave (it has now failed me twice), I am living by the mantra, "save early, save often".  After completing the main story line mission that involves assaulting a fort, I immediately ran from the fort (because the game will not let you camp/save in a town, on a road, near water, on slanted ground, or any hideout), got to an open area, hit my improved campfire and the game froze.  Hard lock.  I had to reboot the xbox.  And guess what?  I had to do the entire mission again.  I think this technically counts as the third failure of autosave because it did not save the game after completing the mission.  6.  Following the chatty NPC.  Many of the mainline missions require you to either walk with the NPC or go on a ride with him while he talks about all kinds of crap.  Some of these rides are ridiculously long and involve you just sitting there, holding down "a", and correcting the steering every now and again because the autofollow is even less reliable than the autosave.  7.  Teleporting bear packs. Someone needs to give Rockstar's programmers a biology lesson. With the exception of mating season, bears - particularly grizzlies - are solitary animals. They do not hunt in packs. There is an open area in Tall Trees where the bears not only hunt in packs of five at a time, but their reinforcements teleport from God knows where to appear right behind you if you try to skin one of their comrades. After getting killed twice by bears appearing out of nowhere, I had the camera angle up high and looking nearly straight down so I could see what was happening. A bear popped out of the ether right behind me and proceeded to maul me before I could do anything. If hunting here, do NOT try to skin a bear until you have killed at least four of them.   UPDATE:  It appears that I was wrong on my numbers.  I shot a bear near Tanners in Tall Trees that started an endless loop of bears.  They popped out of thin air in ones and twos, and kept coming until there were no less than 25 bears dead on the ground.  In one place, I had four of them piled up dead on top of my dead horse.  The spawns came about 2 seconds after the previous wave died.  I found that the only way to skin was to wait for one to pop far enough away from the ones you had already killed, leave the live bear alone, and try to skin before he noticed you (using the no cut scene trick helps).  They kept coming until a random encounter popped up in the middle of it.  They stopped right after that.  I also hit this same loop further down the road from Tanners in an open area across the trail from the area where Jack goes to hunt bear.  I died before they stopped coming because the random encounter that popped in the middle of that one involved a bunch of guys shooting at me while I was trying to fend off two bears.  8.  Inexplicable horse deaths. Another skinning issue I guess. I got off my horse to skin a deer on the edge of a messa. There was nothing in the area except me, the horse, and the dearly departed deer. As the skinning cut scene started, the horse whinnied and fell stone dead, passing right through me as it did so. I guess it couldn't stand the sight of blood.  9.  Aiming.  The LT locking feature is about the only way to get through this game, but its got some serious problems.  As an example, I had a bear coming at me.  I pull LT.  Guess what our hero, John does?  Aim at the bear you say?  Wrong, says I.  He points his gun straight up in the air and aims at some harmless passing bird.  I had to hit dead eye quickly, bring the aim down manually, and dispatch the bear before I got turned into lunch.  That's not the only aiming problem.  Get a gun with a scope.  Pull LT.  You can have a target dead center on the screen and the scope aims at the ground a few yards in front of you.  This bit of stupidity makes using scoped weapons all but useless in combat.  About the only place you can use it and hope to survive is the first couple of shots in a long range battle.  10.  The ending.  Lame.  Completely and totally horrid.  I don't want to post a spoiler, but they have Marston do the most asinine thing I have ever seen in a video game.  I mean, really.  Good grief.  You guys couldn't think of a better ending?  Oh, and if you do play this game through to completion and want to keep playing it, make sure you let the ENTIRE credits roll.    11.  The 100% completion achievement.  I'm sitting at 95.5%.  Guess what the .5% is?  Bounty missions.  You have to successfully complete a bounty at every bounty location on the map.  The problem?  The assignment of a bounty area is completely random.  I've been trying all day to get the last three I need in Mexico, and all I am getting are the same sites over and over again.  3 more missions and I can trade this stupid game in.  FINAL NOTES.  I'm still trying to get those last 3 bounty missions so I can get the 100% completion achievement.  While it is entirely possible, I do not believe I'm going to see anything new that warrants editing this review again.  Having completed 95.5% of the game, I can make my final observations.  I will plagarize the first one.  RENT this game before you buy it -- particularly if you don't ordinarily like 3rd person shooters.  Don't buy the hype, this game is not that great in my opinion.  If you rent it, and you conclude that I'm wrong, you can always go buy it.  If, however, you agree with my opinion, you have saved yourself about $50, and the time I will have spent doing battle with the fanboys will have been worth it.  Second, to say something nice about the game, the graphics for the world are outstanding.  This could have been a great world to play in.  Kudos to the people who designed the sandbox.  Third, the game still sucks.  Maybe not "period" (because of the gorgeous sandbox), but it still sucks for all of the reasons I listed above.  A pathetic 1 out of 5 stars.  OK, ONE MORE FINAL EDIT.  I am now at 99.7% completion and have been for a week.  I need three more bounty missions in Mexico.  The way it works, the name of the bounty doesn't matter, it is the location where he is holed up.  You have to get all the LOCATIONS.  The problem?  It keeps spawning the SAME THREE MISSION LOCATIONS.  It has done this for a solid WEEK of real time.  It will not give me anything but three of the same locations over and over again.  It doesn't matter how I complete the missions it gives me (kill or capture).  It does not matter where I get the missions from (there are three locations in Mexico to pick up bounty missions and I've done all three).  This achievement is COMPLETELY BROKEN because the game is stuck in an endless loop of the same three bounty locations.  I really wish I could give this game a zero.
sarcastic Wow EA really jacked this one up. Sims 2 was probably the single greatest wide interest game ever made. Appealing to everyone from 8 year old kids to baby-boomers, there was so much right about the game (ease of use, the fun of designing and building custom houses, the excellent expansion packs, the fantastic user made content, etc.) that perhaps it would be unfair to expect Sims 3 to be better than Sims 2. However, I AT LEAST expected it to be playable, and reasonably similar to Sims 2 in quality and fun. To sum up the rest of this review: It's nowhere close. It stinks. It's unplayable due to crashes (for me at least). It's a buggy, unfun, massive step backwards from Sims 2.   So what makes it so bad?   First off, the game crashes nearly constantly. It is not my computer. I own and successfully play dozens of computer games including the most graphics intensive on the market. (For the nerds, I have a i7 processor, 6gb ram, and crossfired ATI HD4870s). These problems are due to buggy code and terrible beta testing. This game should never have been released in this state of unfinished unplayability.   They have also removed many of the things I liked best about Sims two like the ability to construct a neighborhood from scratch and then play each family and watch your Sims interact, make friends and enemies, get married to each other, etc... You are now forced to play a single family at a time. Start a new family and your old ones become NPCs (non player controlled) characters. You can never go back once you start a new one. Why EA, why? This singlehandedly ruined the game for me.   Next is the drastic step backwards in ease and fun of playability. Why they decided to jack with the control mechanisms that every Sims 2 player is accustomed to, or slow time down to the point that I started falling asleep watching my Sim sleep with nothing to do in the game to keep me interested, and why EA released the game with a deplorably low number of home furnishings, I don't know. It's like a horrible nightmare where instead of games progressing and improving, they're regressing towards oblivion. The menus are just clumsy, hard to use, and so very much worse than Sims 2. If you loved the Sims 2 menus, you will HATE these.   The camera is also bad, in that sort of early generations Nintendo 64 way where you can never get it to do what you want it to do with regularity. It seems to have a mind of its own, and controlling it is as frustrating as the terrible controls.   Making attractive Sims is about as easy as sculpting the masterpiece David from play dough. All my Sims look fat, ugly, and just not what I had in mind. It is Uber hard to get a face the way you want it to look. It is even harder to make a nice looking Sim than the character creation system in Oblivion: The Elder Scrolls. If you like plump, slightly froggish looking Sims, you'll love it.   For interior design, rather than giving you a solid and complete set of home furnishings, you are instead offered very few selections, but the ability to make them patterned. Oh joy! What I really want is about 6 options of sofas, most of them ugly, but that I can apply plaid or camouflage skins to! That's so much better than having say 12 sofa varieties right? Not so much. This strikes me as either laziness, or that EA released the game intentionally sparse so they can sell even more add on packs later. Except they missed the entire point: the reason they sold so many add on packs for Sims 2 was that the core game was so good!   Overall this might be one of the worst failures in modern PC game history. Destroying a famed (even legendary) series of games like the Sims franchise by changing core elements and just doing a flat out poor job of quality control is abysmal. EA will need to heavily patch this game to make it worth playing, and by the time they do that, it might be too late.   My recommendation: sell your copy on an auction site. At least then you can get back some of your money and buy something else.
sarcastic Since taking delivery of my pen I have been very happy with the quality of ink deposition on the various types of paper that I have used.  On the first day when I excitedly unwrapped my pen (thanks for the high quality packaging Amazon!) I just couldn't contain my excitement and went around finding things to write on, like the shopping list on the notice board in our kitchen, the Post-it notes next to the phone, and on my favourite lined A4 pad at the side of my desk.  My pen is the transparent type with a blue lid.  I selected this one in preference to the orange type because I like to be able to see how much ink I have left so that I can put in another order before I finally run out.  When the initial excitement of taking delivery of my new pen started to wear off I realised that I shouldn't just write for the fun of it, this should be a serious enterprise, so by the second day of ownership I started to take a little more care of what I wrote.  I used it to sign three letters, and in each case was perfectly happy with the neatness of handwriting that I was able to achieve.  I have a helpful tip for you that you might not know about - if you let the ink dry for a few seconds you can avoid the smudging that sometimes happens if you rub the ink immediately after writing.  Fortunately the ink used in this particular Bic pen seems to dry very quickly.  On the third day of ownership I went on a trip to London and took my pen carefully packed away in my brief case, but I needn't have worried, this isn't some temperamental ink pen that leaks when you store it at the wrong angle. I sat at my meeting and confidently removed the cap from my pen and it wrote flawlessly, almost immediately.  I notice that the barrel of the pen has been crafted very carefully to fit in the pen holder down the edge of my Filofax.  It's not so grippy so that it is hard to remove when I want to make a quick note, and yet not so loose that it falls out too easily when I open my Filofax in a hurry.  Maybe the choice of surface texture on the pen has some part to play here, because it seems that the inside of the leather grip on the pen holder in my Filofax has just the right level of adhesion that I can be confident when I need to reach in and get my pen it's going to be just where I left it!  Today is the fourth day of ownership of my pen, and I have to say I'm starting to treat it like an old friend.  I walk around the office with it clipped in to my shirt pocket and someone in the accounts department actually asked to borrow it while we were both standing at the photocopier.  Would you believe it, they actually tried to walk away with my pen!  They were very embarrassed when I called after them as they walked down the corridor and asked for it back.  You will be happy to know that it is now back, safe and sound in my top pocket, ready and waiting to start writing again.  In summary, I would happily recommend this pen to anyone who is planning on writing on paper.  If you are considering a writing implement for some other surface such as writing on a CD, or other non-porous substances then another pen might be better suited, but if it's just plain old paper then I think you will probably be well served by this particular model.
sarcastic It seems half-baked.  It's a bad shooter, bad driver, and the story is blah. Where's the excitement?  Long loading times walking around exploring make it even more boring.  Cut scenes and long loading times before every battle make you want to put the game down after a few deaths.  I get a spaceship!...oh wait, I just point and click on a planet : (  I get a gun!...oh wait, I have to level up instead of just getting better with it : (  There's something exciting I get to do in a city!...oh wait, I have to talk to him, go here, go back, go back to the first place, go back to talk to him, and go back again...Loading...wow I got 10 XP : (  I realize some people like this genre, and overlook its flaws, but a game should make you want to play the game instead having to fantasize about what you think it could be.   If I had to say good things about this game, I would say the talking system is innovative, and the idea of exploring planets and shooting the place up is intriguing, but it doesn't quite come through in this game.
sarcastic   Michelle Malkin is a lady who makes her money by throwing dirt at politicians she considers left-wing.       That there is money to be made in this sort of endeavor, can be seen in the number of  right-wing screeds multiplying on bookshelves everywhere these days.   Malkin's  latest , Culture of Corruption: Obama and His Team of Tax Cheats, Crooks, and Cronies, joins another work, Unhinged: Exposing Liberals Gone Wild .   As you might guess, there's nothing surprising in her latest work, as anyone familiar with her blogs,  and cable news appearances,  probably already knows.   The general tone of the books is  Malkinian rage.  Reading her latest, one is reminded of the sort of thing one hears  at the various town-hall meetings as well as the  tea-bag gatherings.  All shouting and nonsensical   accusations.     But what of  her accusations?    Has Mr Obama surrounded himself with tax cheats, crooks and cronies?  He hasn't of course, but in Michelle Malkin's case the matter is somewhat more complicated.  Her  brain doesn't operate in a  manner that corresponds to the real world.  This is somewhat peculiar since at one time she was a respected reporter for  the Seattle Times.    But that was then, and this is now.  Her brain is operating on a different frequency these days.   One that clearly ignores reality.   Before getting into Malkin's main charges against the Obama administration, it's  interesting to note that Michelle Malkin is not just interested in the tax cheat-crook-crony angle, she has other objections.   For one thing, she says,  Obama's administration is made up of over-educated achievatrons.  Brainiacs.   People who are too smart.  People who aren't dumb.  (Worse yet, the children of members of the Obama administration send their kids of Georgetown Day School.   Georgetown Day School!  Where they will someday grow up to be valedictorians like their parents and join  still another leftist administration.)   This chills Malkin's blood.   Oh,  and don't forget the fact that according to the author,  the New York Times (that fish-wrap of a newspaper) owns Obama, or  perhaps it's vice-versa.  The author  doesn't really make it clear.  The first chapter of the book smears Obama with all the charges listed above and more.  The remainder of the chapters, deals with a multitude of so-called scandals and vetting errors, the Obama administration has engaged in.  And it proceeds to  name, somewhat exhaustively a list of  individuals or institutions Michelle Malkin dislikes.  I mean she really dislikes them.   Let's look at just a few of Malkin's dislikes.  Bill Richardson starts the list.  Richardson  was involved in an investigation  dealing with transportation contracts when he was Governor of  New Mexico.  Nothing was ever proved and ultimately the charges against him were dropped. But that's enough for Malkin to brand him a crook.   He never did anything wrong, but he's a crook nevertheless.  Next, let's look at Attorney General Eric Holder.  Mr Holder is a crime-coddler.  How do we know this?  Well, Eric Holder actually gave some advice to President Clinton recommending clemency in the case of some terrorists and as well as Marc Rich.  Note that Holder had no independent power to grant clemency, only the president can do that.  Still  Eric Holder is a, well, he's not a tax cheat, he's not a crony, maybe he's a crook. Malkin doesn't make that clear either.  Again,  the fact that Eric Holder has never ever been accused of a crime or found guilty of a crime  doesn't matter in Michelle Malkin's world.      Malkin's  list of phony charges goes on and on.  Even Mrs Obama is not spared.  Her offense:  Dressing in expensive clothing.   Also, she comes out of Chicago politics and she's  actually made money in the private and semi-public sector.  Which according to Michelle Malkin makes her some kind of well , take your pick--tax cheat, crook, crony?   I don't know.       There's no need to go down the list of  individuals and institutions Michelle Malkin hates.  But here are a few more.   Acorn is a bunch of shake-down artists.  The Services Employees International Union is a bunch of thugs.   Obama and his administration engage in a complex web of incompetence,  nepotism, influence peddling and self dealing.  They don't of course, but Michelle Malkin says they do and that's that.    Malkin makes a big deal about "tax cheats"  What's her definition of a tax cheat, you might ask?  Well, it's anyone what overlooks some element of the tax form and forgets to file some income or another.  Doesn't matter if it's an honest mistake, in Michelle Malkin's world there are no such things as honest mistakes.  The members of the Obama administration are constitutionally unable to make mistakes. When they file an erroneous tax return; they are TAX CHEATS.   The author likes to spend a lot of time discussing the case  of  Treasury Secretary Timothy  Geithner.  Geithner erred to the tune of  thirty or fourty thousand dollars in a couple of his tax returns, over a period of several years.   During this period he  paid all his other taxes.  But because he erred, (no, according to Michelle Malkin he didn't err, he CHEATED) he's therefor branded a monstrous tax cheat.  And on and on its goes for about 290 pages or so.    If you're looking for proof that  Obama administration is a hotbed of tax cheats, crooks and thugs, you won't find it here, what you will find are a lot of  absurd, baseless,   partisan accusations, typical of what you can also find on Fox News and right-wing talk radio if you listen long enough.      So, if you hate the current administration as much as Malkin does, you might like this book.   Personally I disliked  it.  I found it boring, hate-filled, irrational and totally  predictable.    In other words, totally Malkinian.    .                
sarcastic From the book:  "For somehow his journey had led him to Trinity Church, surrounded by the people from his neighborhood including many he had helped. And there, swept up in the waves of their singing with tears on his cheeks he knew why he was there. He knew who he was, and where he belonged."  Perfect... if your aim is early indoctrination of children. Yes, young minds need fairy tales to learn to separate fact from fantasy; reading or being read to can be instrumental in learning to discern good from evil. Personally, I prefer the classics not the New Socialist Meme.  And besides... I thought he 'wasn't listening' while sitting for almost 20 years in Trinity Church?  Do yourself and your child a favor... find a well written children's book on George Washington, Teddy Roosevelt or Martin Luther King... or, for real 'good wins out' fantasy, save a tree and find a much loved and much read copy of Ivanhoe.   
sarcastic  I generally find the concept of "I'm going to leave it up to the reader to figure out the ending" a bit of a cop out but it does work in some books. Looking for Alaska by John Green is a great example of a book that doesn't answer all the questions but is still incredible.  This is a mystery for crying out loud! French gets to the end and says, "Ummm, well it doesn't matter what really happened in the woods." It's the freaking book title! You're the author. Write the story! And FYI, stories typically have ENDINGS!  I burned my copy of this book for fear of its being inflicted on some other poor unsuspecting reader. I do not suggest you waste money or time on it.
sarcastic The best bit was when the big wave came along and put messrs Clooney, Wahlberg, et al out of their misery. It's a pity they couldn't have crashed the boat into the pier and sunk right at the beginning as that would have saved us from sitting through two hours of this rot masquerading as high drama. They should make a movie about the harsh lives of cubicle dwellers, how we have to brave rainstorms, etc. to go get our lunch from the deli &amp; so on.
sarcastic The message Hollywood appears to be sending burgeoning cradle to grave twenty-something consumers in this crude, unintelligent,  pathetic film is  "Go ahead! Be irresponsible! Show a complete and utter lack of common sense! Have no self-respect and get pregnant out of wedlock with the next drunken rube who comes along! Why?  Because everybody loves babies!"  This film is as offensive and unsettling as movies can get. There's absolutely no resonance to the film....no emotional core to help even justify the ludicrous relationship between these two  characters and what transpires. The film's bottom line is  sometimes (often?) white, middle class twenty-somethings get  drunk, and babies are born....and sometimes (almost never?)  the egg donor and the sperm donor end up staying together  against all odds and the child is subsequently raised in a loving, healthy family environment. Needless to say, the f-bombs tossed around in the movie are beyond overkill, as  are the adolescent antics of the male lead and his neanderthal roommates. Simply put, it's a horrible film.  Still, the overwhelming sucess of this movie among young adults (I use the term "adults" loosely) and the film's beyond misguided attempt at providing a "heartwarming" love story under the guise of "comedy" holds up a very real mirror to the American cultural  obsession with motherhood, pregnancy and childbirth on the one  hand and Hollywood's stop-at-nothing attitude toward harnessing the basest aspects of American youth culture in order to make a buck.   Katherine Heigl was right when she claimed the subject matter of Knocked Up was offensive to women. The title says it all. If only the beautiful and talented Ms. Heigl had steered clear of the movie altogether and directed her talents to a more worthy endeavor. I'm sure she would be the first to agree.
sarcastic As a former club DJ, I can personally say that this album is among the worst pop/dance albums I have ever heard. And I have literally heard thousands - from all over the world. I've been in this game a long time. And young Kesha has much, MUCH to learn. The lyrics are chock-full of drug and alcohol references, the vocals are auto-tune heavy, and the blips and blats of electronica that litter EVERY stinking track could have been put to better use.  As a fellow reviewer mentioned earlier, the album lacks cohesion, as Kesha is unsure of herself at best. Lady Gaga, Cascada, and Kim Sozzi have better dance albums out right now WITHOUT all of the professional cooks who had their hands on this project....with Gaga it all boils down to her extreme confidence and exhuberance. She relies not on studio-enhanced vocals, name-dropping, and junior high school lyrics.  One look at the song titles and it pretty much gives away the content of the album. THe lyrics are so ridiculous and pretentious that the listener cannot enjoy the beats and the melodies, which in certain cases are not that bad. The whole point of a dance-pop record is so the listener can dance away their troubles. These lyrics are so bizarre and unnerving at times that the focus is entirely on Kesha and her dirty party-girl image. Most people who buy dance records don't care about the vocalist. It's all about the mood and the beats.  This album sounds like the songs were both written and performed by a 14 year old raver while she was in rehab or a mental facility. If I were forced to listen a few more times to this steaming pile of drivel, I think I would check myself into a facility. 1.5 stars.
sarcastic the only way this could be better, is if it squirted out its own waffle batter. Until that day comes, this is the waffle maker you are gonna want.  I bought this waffle maker for my lady friend on christmas.  I am not a christian, but I like the day off and like to get gifts.  Since i bought her the waffle maker she has made me waffles two times.  If I never eat waffles again, they would have cost me an average of $38.  I would be fine with that, but we all know thats not gonna happen, for I have a good woman and when I say waffles, I get waffles.  When I say waffles, she knows I mean Waring Pro WMK300 Belgian Waffles.  If only Waring Pro would invent a lasagna maker she wouldn't have that fat lip.
sarcastic While I understand the excitement over the Three Wolf Moon T-Shirt, Available in Various Sizes , I must politely disagree with the furor over that particular garment.  At first I agreed with the hundreds of reviews of that other shirt. It arrived in the mail, I tried it on, and my cat fought me to the death, small woodland animals prostrated themselves at my feet and offered themselves as sacrifices, and human women ovulated at the sight of me.  I was an instant fan, and I knew I would never need another wolf shirt made by The Mountain company.  Then I decided I wanted a t-shirt celebrating the life and times of the musician Howlin' Wolf.  My dial-up internet connection was taking too long to load the pictures for this shirt so I ordered it based on the name alone.  When it arrived I was at first furious.  How dare The Mountain manufacture a shirt with a title that so closely resembles the name of such a legendary bluesman?  Their sheer audacity had me pondering a very sternly-worded letter to their Wolf Shirt Department, let me tell you.  But after I broke down and tried on this Howling Wolf T-shirt, all thoughts of letter-writing left me, and I never again wore the Three Wolf Moon T-shirt.  It now lies at the bottom of a mountain of detritus in my closet, never to see the light of day (or moonlight of night) again.  The Howling Wolf T-shirt by The Mountain (100% Cotton Short Sleeve, fits Kids, Teens & Adults) is by far the superior t-shirt.  It is, however, not for the weak or for the superficial fan of The Mountain's wolf t-shirt line.  While the Three Wolf Moon shirt gives the viewer and wearer a sense of community, Howling Wolf T-shirt is for the true loner.  It's for the outcasts in our society, it's for every man or woman who ever looked into that vast night sky and realized nobody else was by their side to howl along with them.  The moment I donned this shirt, an overwhelming sense of angst gripped me like an existential vise.  I tore the sleeves off my jean jacket without thinking and I found myself outside the house wearing a red bandana.  My wife and children were nowhere to be found, as each time I wear this t-shirt I am transported to a world where I have no one to rely on but myself.  I drove around for hours listening to the Smiths and the Cure, sobbing uncontrollably, but each tear drop was instantly absorbed by the shirt surrounding my torso and they seemed to make the image shine that much brighter.  I found myself in mountainous terrain with a few trees, very much like the biome depicted on the shirt itself.  Was it alpine?  Taiga?  I will never know for sure, but once I pulled over and stepped out of the car all thoughts of terrain descriptors vanished and I was drawn to a steep cliff overlooking a valley.  The moon shone high above, full and round, and I was suddenly aware that a change had taken me over.  I was faster, stronger, and my senses were more acute.  Don't believe the hype surrounding the Three Wolf Moon T-shirt when people claim it transformed them into wolves themselves.  I wore it and that never happened.  The Howling Wolf T-shirt, on the other hand, transmogrified me into canis lupus and I could no more stop myself from howling at that moon than I could grip a pencil (as a wolf I no longer had opposable thumbs).    Alone, I thought vaguely.  I am alone.  This world holds nothing and no one for me.  I shall forevermore walk the night on my own, killing to live.  Then, as if in answer, the moon vanished behind a cloud.  A soft voice spoke behind me.  "You shall never walk alone."  It all seems a bit like a Green Day lyric when I describe it here, but it was profound beyond mere words.  Standing before me was a woman cloaked in translucent white garments that revealed the feminine curves of her ample-bosomed frame.  She looked at me with benevolence and love, and suddenly I was aware that my moroseness and ennui had left me at last.  My soul flew free into the night above that valley.  We came together in an embrace for the ages, as the stars made cascading patterns, singing sweetly in voices no man will ever hear unless he wears this particular shirt, and even then perhaps only in size L.  Finally, in a moment of cosmic kismet, the moon goddess Luna whispered in my ear a lyric from Howlin' Wolf himself:  "You know I called you darling to come back to the Wolf / But I'll be around, yes I'll be around / To see what you're puttin' down".    With that, the light from both moon and stars winked out, and I slipped from consciousness.  I found myself lying on that rocky outcropping the next morning.  The Howling Wolf T-shirt was lying next to me along with the rest of my clothes.  Carefully avoiding any skin-to-skin contact with the garment, I carried it to the car and put it in the back seat.  Later, back at my house, I placed it safely in a Rubbermaid container (also available here on Amazon) and admired my taut frame in the mirror.  Gone were the sagging lines of middle age, the liver spots, and the fat deposits from years of abuse by eating Fudgicles and raw cookie dough when the wife was visiting her aunt in Philly.  Now I was muscular and lean, not unlike Iggy Pop if he were younger and had never ridden the white horse.  From that day on I became a better lover to my wife and a better father to my children.  I ran for City Selectman and won in a landslide despite that old conviction in the 1970s for public urination on an officer of the law.  I carry within me the spirit of the Lone Wolf, who understands that he does not need two other wolves at his side howling to the moon, but merely CHOOSES to be around others.  Anytime I need reminding of this inner strength, I don the Howling Wolf T-shirt by The Mountain and I am once again swept away on a river of sobbing, howling, the song "Alone Again (Naturally)" by Gilbert O'Sullivan, and finally...redemption.  The Three Wolf Moon shirt may appeal to the baser instincts of a boy's character, but once you're ready to become a Man, it's time to step up and try the Howling Wolf T-shirt 100% Cotton Short Sleeve.  Also, every time I wear it I find money on the ground.
sarcastic Stumbling across this t shirt is like stumbling across the Shroud of Turin; the moment i put it on, i was healed of frequent ataxia, confusion, euphoria, headache, insomnia, vertigo agitation, anxiety, decreased cognition, detached, difficulty concentrating, dysarthria, emotional lability, hallucination, hypoesthesia, illusion, leg cramps, migraine, nervousness, paresthesia, sleeping (after daytime dosing), speech disorder, stupor, tremor abnormal gait, abnormal thinking, aggressive reaction, apathy, appetite increased, decreased libido, delusion, dementia, depersonalization, dysphasia, feeling strange, hypokinesia, hypotonia, hysteria, intoxicated feeling, manic reaction, neuralgia, neuritis, neuropathy, neurosis, panic attacks, paresis, personality disorder, somnambulism, suicide attempts, tetany, yawning. 
sarcastic The two leads, Ryan Gosling and Rachel McAdams, were absolutely superb. Nuanced and emotive acting, but unfortunately, that's about the only thing that's good about this film. If you've seen the trailer, well, then, that's all you need to watch.  I know I'll probably get severely ragged on for this review, but the truth is that it's sentimental in a really saccharine and smothering way. If you're not a die-hard romantic movie fan, stay away, or you'll roll your eyes right out of their sockets.
sarcastic Wow. Wow. I cannot believe that this has never received less than three stars. Are you guys serious?? A bunch of boys on an island who turn into savages, and then, at the last minute, when the protagonist is about to die, they get rescued?? This is, of course, after waiting the whole book for this to happen. Oh, by the way, kill all the good characters, and make a set of twins into a single person. What a fantastic idea!!  I don't quite know what else to say except: really? really?   Really? No girls. Really? A talking pig head?? REALLY??  To put it simply: this buck sucked.
sarcastic It was a bright day in November. The frost shone golden in the morning sun as the newly settled snow hid the grey sparkle of the street.  I had just climbed out of the shower, and was about to prepare breakfast when a knock came from my front door. I was greeted by a handful of letters and a flippant postal worker, asking me to sign for a parcel. I had fallen in love. The slim, smooth body, that awkward fitting cap that set off the perfect angles, the way I held no sway over their interest... It was literally love at first sight. The second and third were indulgences. Then came lust. I could barely contain myself as I grabbed them, and wrapped myself around them. Feeling their touch on my skin was almost instantly overpowering, I couldn't help but stare, my eyes were locked. The postal worker just stared, oblivious, but I knew I had met my love. The smooth ink flowed from the end of the pen, so effortlessly, so carefree and wild, as my lover screamed my name across the page.   "Weirdo..." he grunted, and he snatched my love and retreated to his van. I was speechless, this idiot was about to ruin what had only just blossomed. Speechless... but not actionless. With one smooth motion, fuelled by adrenaline and love, I swung from my front porch onto the snow of my driveway, and flung myself at the intruder. I missed of course, my body in terrible shape from years of MMO abuse I fell metres short of my target, as he spun around at the sound and began to laugh.  "Please... Don't do this to me" I croaked, "I can't live without her."  He turned his back, climbed into the van, and drove away with my calligrapical angel. I cried, and my tears froze on the ground, as hard as my heart.  Would recommend this product to a friend.
sarcastic I have to say, I was somewhat disappointed to find this pen doesn't actually write on poo.  I'll have to find some other way to label my collection!  Beware of "Number Two" pencils, too... I don't care what they say, that's actually graphite!
sarcastic Mr. Larson left in his will all profits from his book sales, in his will, to the Communist Party. Isn't it ironic this author is in this slot after the Overton Window is released. Hmmmmm
sarcastic Yes, please feed your children loads and loads of hydrogenated oil and sugar. The healthcare industry will thank you for their profit in the future.  Consider buying real, freshly ground peanut butter instead. It tastes so much better and is so much better for you.
sarcastic Mine was quite entertaining when I first purchased it because it came with a unique, added bonus feature.  Every time the rake would get up to the disposal container, it would hang up and then forcefully catapult it's precious cargo across the room.   I would be sitting there watching turd showers as they fell like meteors after being flung from inside my closet.         The turd launcher, as I've come to refer to it, is now broken and assaults my home no more.   After two purchases of this box over the last few years, I'm once again in the market and looking for a better solution.   The most frustrating thing about the Littermaid model is that it's actually a reasonably good design which suffers only from miserable quality control during the manufacturing process.   For this much money, it should at least come with a turd shield to help you protect yourself.
sarcastic As another reviewer noted, these used to be 10 for $10. Now 6 for $10, pretty outrageous.  The tubes work just fine, but geez, nice way to reward customer loyalty....
sarcastic "Everybody gonna dance tonight. Everybody gonna feel alright. Everybody gonna dance around tonight"  What the hell is this tripe? Oh, wait... "Someone's knockin' at the door. Someone's ringin' the bell. Do me a favor. Open the door. Let him in."  Yeh, deep reflective lyrics.  Paul's "Chaos and Creation..." CD was exquisite. It sounded like 1/2 of the writing team of "Lennon & McCartney", rather than just "Paul McCartney". Make sense? I was SO looking forward to a solid follow-up to that CD. But "Memory..." sounds like a senior high school project; music, lyrics and recording quality no better than a basement demo tape. Paul's falsetto on "You Tell Me is" bloody embarrasing, painful to listen to. Wonder what Simon Cowell would have to say about it???? I am NO FAN of American Idol, but I doubt Paul would have made the first cut with this junk.  Sorry. "Chaos and Creation..." restored my faith in one of the best songwriters and performers of our generation. This CD punctures a huge hole in that balloon.
sarcastic ShamWow is the most powerful material on the planet Earth.  Our soldiers run fearlessly into the fray of battle wearing ShamWow body armor, which absorbs any and all bullets with ease.  Floods? Hurricanes? No problem! Toss five or six ShamWows into the effected area, and the whole county will be dry within ten minutes.  Is your wife's cooking horrible, but you feel too bad to tell her? Use a ShamWow to soak up everything on your plate while she's not looking.  Oh no, you've been pulled over for drunk driving! Never fear - swallow a few pieces of ShamWow to absorb all the alcohol in your bloodstream.  Got a headache? Press a ShamWow against your forehead to absorb all of the pain and stress of your day.  Don't waste your time shaving - just rub your face (and/or legs) with a ShamWow. If you rub REALLY hard, it will actually pull the hair follicle right out, and you'll never have to shave again.  Out of deodorant? Just tuck a ShamWow in each armpit.  Do one or several of your friends tend to talk too much? Give them a ShamWow scarf to absorb the noise right out of their throat.  Looking to lose weight? Hold a ShamWow against those "trouble spots" and watch it suck the fat right out.   The possibilities are endless!
sarcastic All the hundreds of thousands of wannabe writers out there (including yours truly) and THIS is what gets published.  Granted, it's a great premise, its just terrible writing and saddest of all (judging by the success of this series) no one can tell the difference.  But by all means if you want writing that tells instead of shows, ideas that don't develop any further than it takes to read in a chapter about the length of a visit to the toilet and characters as memorable and charismatic as the physical paper they are printed on, don't delay, this is the book you've been waiting for.  On the other hand, it's only fair that I point out that I've seen the comic book version and it's perfectly suited for that medium, it works much better in that form.    I'm not here to bash the writer, her success or loyal fans, just offering a warning to anyone who might stumble across this review to reconsider before diving in.  Ms Hamilton is cackling all the way to the bank, I'm certain her writing has improved over the course of the series  and I certainly don't begrudge her success one iota.  I just didn't like her book, in a big way.
sarcastic I, as a resonable and trUstworthy hUman, do not gleep nerp this ungood prodUct.  Bad it is for Us hUmans to purchase and opperate this online pUrchasable prodUct.    As the person from Earth that I am, I think that all of my other fellow hUmans on Earth should immediately disUse and florgnify this Utterly Zorglefran, I mean bad item for bUying.  Ha Ha.  I am laughing with hUmor with the funny word I made up with my typing that I am not doing by direct thought extraction, and instant data transmission to Amazon.com website.  Ha Ha.  That was highly hUmoroUs and glerp.  UFO detectors are so dUmb because all humans from Earth like the one I am, know that we I mean they do not even exist!  Ha Ha  Besides even if the alien friends did exist, who minds occassional anal probe for benefit of aliens that don't exist glerp science!  I, as a resonable and trustworthy human person from Earth sure wouldn't mind helping our fUtUre overlords!  Do not bUy this prodUct.
sarcastic This is a must-read for anyone who encounter huge ships daily and do not want to get run over by them. I found this book extremely helpful. To this day, I have never been run over by a single huge ship!!
sarcastic Don't waste your money on this convoluted and unfriendly piece of overpriced junk. Spend less and get much more.  I should also mention Apple's crappy return policy for items bought in their store -- 14 days.   If you find out too slowly how lousy this item is, you are stuck with it. And don't give it as a gift at Xmas -- your recipients can't return it either. You have given them an expensive paperweight unless all the stars are in alignment for them, andthen they'll probably find it useless anyway.  First, users need a very fast computer to make iPod touch work at all. It also needs a $50 a month home broadband connection (or a long, long visit to Starbucks) to download the absolutely required iTouch software before the object is more than a bad paperweight, and only if users meet all of those prerequisites, will they have the barest hope of seeing the choppy, vastly oversimplified and way, way too fast video instruction set, to get any music or apps.   Of course, getting apps or new music from Apple means having a wifi connection, so users are stuck at home or at Starbucks to do that.  With all those stars in alignment, users will soon realize how taken they are. Every "feature" and app is easily duplicated on cheaper, better equipment with screens you can see and read, headsets that don't sound tinny or fall out of your ears, and good apps that you don't have to pay for over and over.  Obviously, a $300 netbook does everything a thousand times better and does far more than the $300 iPod Touch, at the cost of what, 8 ounces to pack around? What exactly are you doing in the library with your iPod? Typing your term paper? I think not.  The very fact you can't print, save or offload anything you write or find on the Internet makes for a huge, unexplored mystery, another Apple black hole in product design, that should keep you from spending your hard earned dollars, euros, whatever. The fact you can't buy for love or money a decent cover to keep the glass from scratching should clinch that decision.  But particular demerits for the iTunes software, which took an hour to download and set up, because it is pathetically slow, and if you ever figure it out -- I figure you devote 15 or 20 hours to it and you may start to get the hang of it because doesn't work as it seems it should or as its limited instructions indicate -- you'll find it lame because cutting and pasting to folders ranges from cumbersome to impossible.   iPod also has vicious default settings that you won't know about or know to change in the set up in the absence of advance instructions -- defaults that can sync your music and pix out of existence before you can stop that from happening when charging up. Yet it somehow can't upload what you want to add unless you spend an hour (without the benefit of any instructions) trying to figure out the one and only permitted place for upload stuff to be to get it into iPod (cutting and pasting to iPod as with a thumbdrive is simply not permitted, nor is avoiding iTunes, so Apple can presumably keep track of what you are doing).   While the iPod may be able to hold thousands of photos, don't really try loading them more than 2 or 3 at a time, particularly if they are large size; the iTunes software simply can't handle processing them.  Forget about giving it to a kid for Xmas. Besides the impossibly stupid return policy, the only porn filters are on buying at the iTunes store. The kid can see what he wants on the Internet with no restrictions whatever. Also, unless you take a lot of cumbersome measures to turn off your credit card info, your kid can spend you into the poorhouse, no way to stop that. That being said, iPod is pretty useless without hundreds of dollars worth of apps and music being loaded into it, so you do the math on giving it to a kid.  Forget about a quick juice up. Apple admits it takes 4 hours to fully recharge from zero (though only an hour to get to 80%); don't hold your breath it is that fast, certainly not unless it is plugged into a fast computer with a 2.0 USB or the wall. It took me 1:45 to get it charged to 65%, and though unused, was at under 20% the next day.  Apple also claims its batteries will hold an 80% charge after 400 cycles; this is EPA milage to me. Figure on spending $79 plus postage and tax to replace the batteries every year, plus spending a bunch of time trying to offload whatever you don't want to lose, and then waiting to get it back. BTW: mine did not hold a charge for the promised time right out of the box.  The stupidity of having buttons do multiple things -- but only if you hold them for the exact right amount of time to the nanosecond so they don't do something else -- is not exactly what I call user friendliness. Forget about typing your messages or searches: typing accuracy is awful because the on-screen keys are tiny, tiny, tiny.  If you really need music that much, first try using your home stereo, that's why you bought it for many hundreds of dollars. It will sound 10,000 times better and fuller, and you can share it with your friends and family. Even your car stereos will sound better than iPod by far. If you must have music while on subways or while jogging, use a regular Walkman bought in any drug store for $30 and regular music disks and regular headphones; it sounds 50 times better than 128 mp3's that cut off much of the sound not to mention the fall out of your earbuds, for 10% of the price.   At one time, we were all audiophiles who concentrated on the quality of the sound; mp3's are garbage compared to regular disks, which are garbage compared to vinyl, especially when the stereo itself has some decent components. Then listening is returns to being about music and not about electronic toys.  Even so, a regular disk plays for 70 minutes; walk around with 3 disks and you are good for 3.5 hours, and quarter apiece batteries last for 10 hours, with no need to walk around with USB adapters and computers or $30 apiece AC socket adapters or any extra gadgets needed to charge it up (if you get 400 cycles before spending $79 plus to replace the iPod battery, that's still 20 cents a charge).  But if you must have a lot of music, you can burn those same songs onto your own party disks as mp3's and get about 700 minutes worth on each one, using an mp3 Walkman that costs $60. Do you really need to have more than 12 hours of music in your hands at all times?  Do you really have to watch TV or movies on a screen hardly bigger than your watch? Certainly not for $2 an episode from iTune stores, when current stuff reruns on network websites free, and older stuff is readily available on DVD, using a 10 inch cordless player that costs $80 that you can walk around with (and which will play those mp3's at least as well as iPod for no additional money)?  Do you really need to have a $300 item and a $30 dock work and a $5 app for your alarm clock when you could get that for $20 at CVS? Do you really need an app tokeep a checkbook that comes with a paper register? Do you need a paid or Google app to keep track of your own anniversary?  Do you really have to have access to some current books on a 4 inch screen for $10 a pop? What are those paperbacks still doing on your shelf?  Don't waste your money on this overpriced, underfunctioning gadget. Save it for the music itself (go to a concert or two or three).
sarcastic I bought this item in case of ever I was in a car accident and lost an important organ.  I have used it on my neutered dogs and cats, but nothing has grown back. Is this what John Wayne Bobbit used to regenerate his organ? If you buy this, the organ you have lost is your brain.  There is no chance of getting that back. I give it one star, just for having the nerve to make its claims.
sarcastic I just recently got this product, and so I sat down to use it and asked it "who am I speaking with".  Slowly the key moved to spell out "Billy Mays Here".  Immediately after that there was a burst of cold air, and now he won't leave my house.  He throws away all of the products I own that he didn't endorse, for example, all of my paper towels.  I have to clean all my messes with Zorbeez, as he will not allow me to keep anything else.  Its not all bad, I came home on my birthday and he had gotten me a Big City Slider Station, which actually works pretty good.
sarcastic In almost every actor's career, there are some early film efforts that were clearly done just for a paycheck. If these actors had their way, these movies would be wiped off of the face of the earth and never mentioned again.   Actress Alyssa Milano (who got her start on the hit 80's TV show Who's the Boss?) made quite a few of these type of movies early on in her hit/miss (but mostly miss) movie career. Most of them were essentially sub-par soft-core erotic thrillers (like Embrace of the Vampire) that just basically sucked on almost every level. Others were actually pretty good like Confessions of a Sorority Girl. Some may argue that she may have been trying to shed her wholesome image from her prior TV show Who's the Boss but I think that she was just desperate for work and would take anything she could get her hands on, no matter how bad the script was. Either that, or she actually thought that these were supposed to be good films. If that was the case she ought to slap her agent during that period!   A friend of mine recently lent me her 1995 film Poison Ivy 2: Lily on DVD with the recommendation that it was good on a so-bad-it's good level. All I can say is that it was just bad on every level and actually made most USA Network sleazefests look pretty good by comparison.   The film is a sequel (in name only for the most part) to the 1992 cult classic that starred a decidedly very sexy & 17 year old Drew Barrymore in the lethal nymphette role of Ivy. On a guilty-pleasure level the original movie worked due to the movie's reliance on solid acting instead of just wall-to-wall sex and nudity.   Poison Ivy 2 involves Lily (Alyssa Milano) who is an art student/painter from Michigan who has just arrived in California to start attending an art school. She quickly finds a house that has a room for rent and quickly moves in. She starts attending her classes and quickly catches the attention of a male classmate. They start going out and it soon becomes obvious that Lily's much older (and married with a child) teacher has the hots for her as well and develops an unhealthy infatuation on her. Lily ends up inexplicably finding a hidden diary and nude photos from a girl named Ivy (presumably the one from the first film) and immediately becomes fascinated by Ivy's wild and free sexual ways. Lily immediately begins to start dressing in very revealing clothes and basically acting like a tramp, much to the surprise of her boyfriend (who doesn't mind one bit.) Her teacher ends up talking her into letting him paint semi-nude portraits of her and before too long he can't resist his urges and starts trying to force her into having sex with him. She tries to refuse and eventually her boyfriend catches on and gets disgusted with her. She tries to confront her teacher about it at her house and he tries to practically rape her in the main hallway (while his wife and young daughter are home no less). His daughter and wife catch them in the act(WHOA!! I didn't see that coming!)and the little girl inexplicably runs out into the street and gets hit/killed by a car(!). Everyone exchanges some heated words and the movie ends.   The plot, as you can tell, is predictable and thoroughly generic. Probably the worst part is that the running time of the movie is an unbearable 108 minutes. Most of the scenes go on ridiculously long and will more than likely cause unsuspecting viewers to doze off periodically.   All of the actors involved look like they were blackmailed into making this movie. Alyssa Milano is there purely for the skin factor and all of the other cast trudge through their roles looking like someone slipped valium in their meals/drinks.   As is almost always the case with direct-to-video skin flicks, Poison Ivy 2 is available in both unrated and R-rated versions. The DVD I watched included both the R and unrated versions of the movie on the same disc as well as offering a choice between widescreen or full frame viewing options. The only version that I checked out was the widescreen unrated version. According to the back of the DVD box, the R-rated version looks to be missing around 2 minutes of explicit sexual content. To be honest, I couldn't really tell what about the uncut version caused the MPAA to demand cuts. Out of the whole film there are probably literally only 2 1/2 minutes of footage that feature any sort of nudity or sexual content. Even when sex does occur it's so poorly lit and the editing is so choppy that not that much is really shown. The sex scenes are also pretty brief for this dubious genre. There's one in particular that's good for a laugh in which a guy who is lusting after her confronts her in his room at some goofy party. (It is rumored that this particular scene originally contained an explicit shot of Alyssa simulating oral sex on the male actor who played her boyfriend but that she forced the distributors to take that shot out of the film. The very beginning of this scene is present as you see her head makes its way down, but then it cuts away.)     Since this was an unrated film, there was tons of room to make a truly erotic and extremely explicit sex scene. But what we get is something that isn't that much more than we see in most R rated erotic films. Any shots that showed below the waist sexual activity usually only lasted for a second or two. (The only scene that probably could have ruffled the ratings board's feathers was a brief sequence in which the sleazy teacher performs oral sex on Lily.) All of the participants are clearly not that comfortable with the material which makes the few sex scenes boring, laughable and about as far from erotic as you can get. I've seen R-rated films that were a ton more explicit than this.   Once again, my main beef with erotic thrillers is that if you know you're making an unrated film, just go all out and make it as sexually explicit as you can.  As can be expected, the sole reason most people will watch this movie is to see Alyssa Milano nude. While she looks great with her clothes off, it's clear that she wasn't all that comfortable in those scenes and she just looks flat out embarassed in the sex scenes. And to be honest, she's not naked all that much in the movie. When she is it's mostly just shots of her fabulous breasts (with a few moments of her toned bare butt), but unfortunately no full frontal. People would be better off just downloading the stills off of the internet instead of trying to make it through this piece of crap.   This direct-to-video dud is a thorough waste of time and really isn't worth watching for any reason whatsoever. For a film that advertises itself as soft-core porn, it is sorely lacking in the sex and nudity departments and features instead some of the worst scenes and acting around. Only Alyssa Milano addicts will find anything worth salvaging in this mess, everyone else should just act like this movie doesn't exist.   Poison Ivy 2: Lily is unrated and contains strong sexual content, nudity and language.   (as mentioned before the R-rated version is 2 minutes shorter and edits some of the more explicit sexual footage while also using some alternate camera angles. 
sarcastic This is an excellent read if you are suffering from insomnia, or need to purge your stomach.  A combination of mind-numbingly stupid and vomit-inducing stupidity.  Save your money and just drink some Drain-O.  You'll actually feel better than if you read this excretion.
sarcastic See the rare spectacle of Sean Connery covered in mud (or chocolate pudding) while maintaining a straight face! Hear Brian Keith's contrived Russian accent! Experience some of the worst special effects in film history! "Meteor" (1979) gives new meaning to the term "disaster movie." Unfortunately, a better-than-necessary cast is trapped in the wreckage, including Henry Fonda as the President of the United States. Good for a few unintentional laughs.
sarcastic but thought it was to funny, this book is for you. A book about nothing, that takes 200 plus pages to get there. If you chose to read it keep sharp objects out of reach, because you may feel like poking your eyes out.
sarcastic Her Husband embezzled so much money, that he would rather kill himself rather than face his crime.  So She decides to go to Oval Office to get a job.  Imagine what the Clinton enemies would have said if Clinton had given a government job to the wife of a huge fundraiser who was a convicted felon?  The tone of her book is just blaming and bitter.  Lie down with swine my dear get covered in Mud.  That said, Clinton should never be forgiven for betraying the people who believed in him, for cheap and lurid sex.  Because of his MonicaGate, we now have to pay with 8 years of the evilest President since Nixon.  Thanks Bill
sarcastic Let's get one thing straight.  These things are ugly as sin.  I'm not a fashionista or a shoe snob by any means.  I mostly tend towards sneakers, and I own Teva flip-slops.  I care very little for fashions.  Crocks, however, make my eyes bleed just a little whenever I see them.  Yes, they are comfortable.  That does not make it OK to wear them.  Many, many, many other shoes out there are also comfortable and also have the benefit of not being a crime against humanity.  Wearing them with jeans or slacks is twice as bad, and makes baby Jesus cry.  And if there are any hipsters out there considering them, it is also not OK to wear them ironically.  Please.  For the good of all humanity, do not wear these.  Ophthalmologists everywhere will thank you.
sarcastic I purchased this vacuum thinking I was replacing my old Panasonic model with the same newer model.....wrong.....this is the "commercial" model, and it is now a discontinued model......there were several differences.....when using the on-board tools, my old model allowed me to switch off the agitator with a foot pedal.....this commercial model does not have that good feature and clearly states in the manual...."CAUTION:  If tools are used, and vacuum cleaner is left in upright position, carpet damage could occur. (From the agitator!)  Agitator rotates when using tools, use care to ensure that nothing comes into contact with agitator. (No duh!)"......That is a SERIOUS design flaw, especially since it is a "commercial" model....I need to clean my blinds with the hand-held brush, and if the agitator cannot be shut off while allowing for a good suction feature for the tools, that's NO GOOD!....plus the suction over-all is worse than my older model (too bad my older model is discontinued, too)....plus, there is no bottom "cord hook" on the handle to wind the cord around, only a top hook...HOW cheap and inconvenient!....plus, the cord is an ugly "caution yellow" color, probably since it is a "commercial" model to make it look "industrial" (Not shown in photo!).....plus, when I tried to contact Panasonic's customer service, I had to make EIGHT calls, and got absolutely NO help from Panasonic!.....that was the straw that broke the camel's back.....I will not buy Panasonic again due to really bad customer service, and this model is not worth even a dime in my opinion.....I can't return it due to the high shipping and restocking fee from the seller, so I am now just going to keep my old Panasonic vacuum for a year or so more while I shop around.....I'm not sure what I'll do with this hunk of junk that I just wasted $220.00 on....thank God I can vent in this review....save yourself the headache and money....avoid buying this poorly designed machine, in my opinion.
sarcastic This simpering little twit plodding her way through this series should be used as forced-viewing punishment for people who take organized sports too seriously.  I suffered through an hour of this with my wife and I wished she's fall down a well and not come out.  Or fall off a horse-drawn carriage that's going at full speed.  Or, well, you get the idea.
sarcastic Spend $22.50 a year and save $10,000? How does that work? Well, a couple of my close relatives have spent well over $10,000 each having their teeth and gums repaired. If you've had periodontal work or had root canal, implants, crowns or bridges done, you know that figure is not an exaggeration, and you're lucky if your insurance covers even a little bit of it. Having seen my relatives go through that, I've decided that as I get older, I want to spend my money on vacations and real estate, and not on painful dental procedures.   That's why the Sonicare is the most frugal product I've bought. I too have had some costly dental work, and I'm determined to keep my fixed-up choppers in tip-top condition. This toothbrush is amazing. One thing very few people note about the Sonicare is that it not only cleans your teeth beautifully, it also keeps your gums in great shape, and that may be even more valuable. Here's the best testimonial to the Sonicare: I recently had braces for a few years. I mentioned to my orthodontist that I'd graduated from high school in 1983, and she said, "You're not that old." "Yes, I'm 40," I said. She actually checked my chart! "Well, your teeth and gums look like they belong to someone in their 20s!" she concluded.  Please invest wisely and don't skimp on dental care. I've had other electric toothbrushes (Oral B) and tried every kind of tooth cleaning brush, powder, and gimmick you can imagine. This is the one I've used for the last 5 years (I used the earlier Sonicare model for about 5 years before that), and this is the one I'm sticking with. My annual checkups confirm I've been making the right choice.  Incidentally (inci "dental" ly?), Amazon's price on these heads is excellent -- much cheaper than my local pharmacies. A two-pack will last a year, since these heads wear out like clockwork at about 6 months. That works out to a little over $1.85 a month. Heck, you could spend that on regular toothbrushes!
sarcastic The Nintendo Wii has been stated by many to have revolutionized gaming as we know it.  A drastically deep claim to make in such a powerful entertainment medium that revolves around technology.  A claim, that I believed as well.  The idea of playing games with motions is intriguing, enticing, and exciting, something that many use as a decision maker when it comes time to purchase a console.  I was one of the many people who waited in line all night November 18, 2006 for the Nintendo Wii.    After taking it home that first morning, I was dying from anticipation of playing the newest console made by Nintendo.  I opened the console, I liked what I saw.  The Wii Menu is unique, and is a great way to navigate the console.  The menu displays the contents of the Wii's internal hard-drive, displaying items such as downloaded games, and new channels that may have been purchased.  Navigating the menu requires the usage of the sensor bar and pointing the Wii Remote at the screen to choose the desired channel.    The games feel unique at first, requiring motions to control on screen avatars within the games.  However, as time goes by, the feeling of revolution is replaced with tedium.  After a few hours of gameplay it becomes obvious that button presses of the past have simply been replaced with simple gestures that do not represent the actual on screen action.  For example: in past games in order to attack you may have been required to press "A" but the Wii replaces this with a simple "shake" of the controller.  It doesn't even matter as to which direction the controller is shaken in either, seeing as the gesture will not match the onscreen motions.  The majority of the games on the Wii really only use five different gestures, simply recycled over and over again.  These gestures include: shake controller left, shake controller right, shake controller up, shake controller down, and thrust controller forward.  These gestures do not actually allow the gamer to feel immersed in the game, since these gestures are no different than button pressing.  The added drawback of these motions is the inaccuracy of the detection of them as well.    Where I started to lose faith in the Wii was after picking up some hardcore games for the console.  I began by purchasing Resident Evil 4, Okami, Madworld, No More Heroes, Mortal Kombat Armageddon, Dragonball Z Tenkaichi 2 and 3, Twilight Princess, and more.  I started to realize that with these games, precision is an absolute must.  However, the Wii remote's motion controller actually takes away from the precision due to the poor detection skills of the controller.  This results in lag, delayed moves, incorrect moves, and more.  In several of these games, I found myself repeating missions and levels simply due to the fact that the Wiimote would make my on screen character perform the wrong moves.  For example:  in Twilight Princess, the shield bash is done by pushing the nunchuk forward, however, sometimes this registered as the nunchuk being moved to the side which corresponds with a spin attack.  Similar scenarios began to play out with all of the Wii games I purchased.  Every game began to get more frustrating and I began to play my Playstation 3 more and more.  Finally, I came to a conclusion, traditional controls just work better for playing games, period.    The graphics of the Wii are fine, in my opinion, despite the lack of HD.  Graphics alone do not make a game fun, and that is why I continue to play PSOne and Nintendo 64 games to this day.  However, the unresponsive controller gestures of the Wii are enough to turn me away from the console.  I'm still hoping that Microsoft and Sony don't try to follow Nintendo too much with motion control gameplay seeing as it actually makes games more difficult and frustrating to play.  If you're a gamer looking for a console with great games, is a lot of fun, and can be played for hours on end with full precision and control, don't go with the Wii.  You can't go wrong with either a PS3 or a 360 though, both offer a wide variety of games in every genre and both respond the way you tell them to.  The Wii may have enough perks to attract you if you stick to games such as Super Smash Bros Brawl, Guilty Gear and other games that allow the option of playing with either a classic remote or a GameCube controller, but not enough games give players this option.  Also, if you're not looking for games that contain in depth controls, than perhaps you will do just fine with the Wii.  The Wii has its ups, and its downs, but for me personally, it has been a disappointment.
sarcastic After I took delivery of my $500 Denon AKDL1 Cat-5 uber-cable, Al Gore was mysteriously drawn to my home, where he pronounced that Global Warming had been suspended in my vicinity.   Yes, I had perfect weather: no flooding, no tornadoes, the exact amount of rain necessary, and he pronounced sea levels exactly right and that they were not going to rise within five miles of my house.  Additionally, my cars began achieving 200 mpg and I didn't even need gasoline. I was able to put three grams of cat litter into the tank and drive forever.  What's more, the atmosphere inside my home became 93% oxygen and virtually no carbon dioxide. In fact, I now exhale oxygen.   One heck of a cable.  Didn't notice any improvement in audio quality though.   The $800 Apple iCable is clearly superior.
sarcastic I bought this toy for my kid in the hopes of sending a better message than all of those superhero action figures and he just loves it! This day and age, kids are programmed by our government to think that everyone is out to destroy us and that they need heroes to come and save us all. They forget that there are everyday people out there who need a little compassion and understandng.  I make my kids sit down every day for at least an hour and play with the Cat Lady. We talk about what has made her the way she is and we discuss different options of things we might do to help her. We get into conversations about what rle society plays in the creating of these people who seriously have issues and then we practice empathy role play by having our social services action figures come to her aid and get her the help she needs. It has created hours of educational fun for our entire family.  I recommend also purchasing the Albino Bowler and the Obsessive Compulsive action figures as well. We have used a cardboard box and built a small Mental health center/Halfway house where we keep our action figures always getting the help they need from the little doctors and nurses who work there.   This is a great product and I recommend it to anyone who wants to creep out their children and teach them a vaulable lesson about the differences in people all over the world.
sarcastic I have just five words of advice for all you Amazon shoppers: do not buy this book. I mean it. Even if you don't believe me when I tell you how bad it is, and you insist on reading it, don't buy it. Borrow it from a friend or take it out from the library (if you absolutely must). This drivel doesn't even deserve your time let alone your money or shelf space. Judging from this book alone, Candace Bushnell is a horrible author. I've yet to read 'Sex and the City', but I love the show. If that novel is anything like this trash, I'll have no choice other than to stay away. Not only is every character blonde, Bushnell must have run out of ideas because every character is either a model, an actor, a writer, or a business person. Oh, and they're all addicted to cocaine, like it's normal to be carrying around a vial of coke. It's sick, really.  As you may or may not be aware, 'Four Blondes' is not a novel about (as the title suggests) four blonde friends (much like 'Sex and the City'). Rather, it's four short stories about four different blondes. The first two stories are complete wastes of time. In fact, if I were you, I wouldn't even bother with those two. Even if you've already taken the time to take the book out from the library. Of course, if you've taken the time to visit the library and pick this trash up, you've obviously decided against heeding my advice anyway, in which case, you may as well go ahead and  continue to ignore me. The second two stories arn't much better than the first, but I found them to be the lesser of two (or in this case, four) evils.  The first story is about an ex-model named Janey Wilcox. She's a manipulative sleaze who cares about no one except herself. She also loves using men for their summer homes in the Hamptons, and doesn't care if she dispises these men, she'll still sleep with them. Janey is shallow, vain, and wants to do "something" with her life (here's an idea, get a job you trashy, evil woman). She loves ruining other people's lives and then expects them to, not only care, but actually come running to her aid when she's managed to dig herself into a situation she could have avoided if she was a decent human being. She hates her sister, Patty, because Patty's successful, happy, and a good person. I liked Patty. Usually, arn't readers supposed to like the primary, rather than the secondary, characters?  The second story is about Winnie and James Dieke. They're a married couple who never should have gotten married in the first place. You think Nick Lachey and Jessica Simpson are a match made in I-can't-believe-how-unbelievably-stupid-spoiled-and-annoying-we-are Heaven? Well, then you've never been introduced to the Diekes. They're both journalists and, basically, they hate each other. Winnie is over-controlling, and wants desperately to be successful and famous, whilst James has basically given up on life and is annoyingly frightened of everything. He's a wimp, a pushover, and an all around lazy guy. He's terrified that Winnie will leave him (oh, how will he go on without her telling him how to put on his socks!?), but she won't because she's still determined that being married to him with further her career. Oh, did I mention they have a son? Probably not, since they basically pay him no attention, and his name is never even mentioned in their story. What great people the Diekes are!  The third story is about Princess Cecelia. She's a self-absorbed snob who acts horribly to everyone, even her husband, Hubert. She seems to think she's head and shoulders above everyone else in the world because she's managed to marry the Prince of Luxenstein. She's basically insane. No, seriously. She's completely paranoid and is convinced her family is trying to kill her. She treats her husband like scum, even though he does absolutely nothing wrong. She's jealous of every other woman who's ever been in Hubert's life, and is convinced he's having an affair. She relies on other people for, basically, everything. And, even when they're trying to help her, she's discustingly rude. She does whatever she wants, whenever she wants, and when she doesn't get her way she complains about it and acts like an idiotic snot.  The last story is the shortest, which is unfortunate because it's the least offensive of the lot. It's about a journalist who refers to herself simply as "grasshopper". She writes for a magazine, answering women's questions about sex. She's been sent to England to compare the sex-lives of Londoners with those of New Yorkers. She basically meets a lot of different people, has different conversations with both men and women, and picks up a lot of different veiwpoints on different ideas and beliefs. This story isn't funny, but it's hilarious compared to the first three (in case you were thinking this entire book was going to be a "laughfest").   Well, I obviously don't recommend this book, as I've made perfectly clear. If I had to (and by that, I mean, if I was forced at gunpoint, because there's no other way I'd ever willfully open this garbage again) read it again, I think I'd start from the end. That way, if I somehow died halfway through, I wouldn't have had to read those first two again. I'm going to warn you all one more time: STAY AWAY!  THE FINAL VERDICT: 10%
sarcastic Wow!  So much better than playing school or house for brainwashing---I mean,  acclimatizing today's tots to the realities of the Global War on Terror.  I especially appreciated the enclosed signed photo of Michael Chertoff and his letter explaining how necessary it is to start educating today's youth early with toys like these, especially as their elders just don't seem to be taking the whole thing seriously, what with posting snarky reviews on Amazon and all, and it's going to take a while to get KBR's re-education camps in Nevada up and running properly.  I know my little four year-old grandson was really impressed with this set.  He's now so scared it's undone a whole year of potty training and he's now wetting his pants about five times a day.  He's back to playing with his old set of wooden blocks Melissa and Doug 100 Piece Wood Blocks Set  and crying "Make the bad man stop, Mommy!"  Last week he saw Mr. Chertoff talking about terrorists on his parents' fancy new plasma TV and he threw first the Playmobil set, which didn't do much damage, and then the wooden blocks, at the TV, which cracked the screen.   His dad, who worked at Countrywide Finance, was just laid off, so it looks like they won't be getting a replacement plasma TV.  I'm taking the broken TV, the Playmobil set, and the photo of Michael Chertoff to the toxic waste dump tomorrow.  I have an old black and white set and pair of rabbit ears in my attic which I will loan them.  Perhaps it's better this way.
sarcastic Well, its finally happened after all these years! The Wicked Witch of the West has finally met her match and her name is Rhoda Janzen whose cackling and theatrics throughout her narrative would make Dorothy jump right out of those ruby slippers. But if Oz is a little too old fashioned for your taste and you are into a more modern line of fiction then one only has to look at the recent book/movie Mean Girls to see the type of character traits that it appears that Janzen has. Truly, the only difference between this book and Mean Girls is that the characters are older and less well developed. Normally I don't waste my time reading catty literature about people obviously suffering from what appears to be narcissistic personality disorder but I had heard that this book was humorous. While there are a few funny tales most of the time Jansen does not delve into her family's intentions and motivations. Instead, she just skewers them leaving the characters flat and two dimensional...an easy way out often taken by novice and inexperienced writers. If Jansen learned about love as she claims then hers is definitely a twisted and warped idea of what constitutes true love and should probably be sharing a cell with the ghost of Squeaky Fromme. I do have a suggestion for Jansen's next attempt. It appears that Snarky B**** would be very fitting title.
sarcastic Once again, BioWare uses their robust character customization system to let you make any kind of Commander Shepard you want - as long as it's not a gay male.  Straight guy? Natch. Straight woman? Of course. Bisexual or lesbian woman? Obviously, since it's just a kink for the straight guys.  But keep those homosexuals out of there, right guys? In a game where you can choose to date and have sex with an alien frog man, gay guys are just too weird.
sarcastic Is there really anyone in the world dumb enough to pay this much for an ounce of silver bullion?  If so, I have a really beautiful antique bridge in New York I'll sell cheap.
sarcastic This is one of the best devices I have ever purchased. I never had an easier time beating eggs and whipping cream and it also has an "auto stir" feature which I use frequently to prepare meals more quickly. Pro Tip: Leave it on medium setting along with your marinating meats to help tenderize. Very good product.
sarcastic THIS IS THE MOSE PUNK ALBUM OF ALL TIME!!!! Avril is a goddess on the guitar and writes music better than ANYONE else. She is also da best s8kt0r in history. Her lyrics are genius. All the 5 star reviewers here are genius and cultered, just like myself. Like many people, I love talented musicians. And where do you find those? TRL of course!! You should get this if you want good music. If you want good music then also get:  -Nirvana (music became good after them and Kurt is second to only avril on guitar) - Good Charlotte, Blink 182, Simple plan (brutal punk rock) - g-unit (there is no greater team of musicians with more overall talent) - Vanilla Ice (created Rap and hip-hop. Ice Ice baby!) - Kenny G (he's sold more albums than any other instrumental "artist", so therefore he is better) - Ashlee Simpson  - Limp Bizkit (created metal) -Linkin Park -Metallica (St Anger may be the best metal album ever that doesn't feature Fred Durst)  This is what you should not get:  -Miles Davis (this guy was a poser. Get Kenny G instead) -baroque classical posers like Mozart, Bach, Paganini, Beethoven, Chopin etc  -self proclaimed "rock" bands ie Led Zeppelin, AC/DC, The Who, Queen etc -posers who think they can play the guitar (Segovia, Rhodes, Satriani, Friedman, Holdsworth, Reinhardt, Van Halen etc) - socalled "metal bands" like old Metallica, Megadeth, Black Sabbath and Iron Maiden -any of that "progressive" crap like Dream Theater
sarcastic L. Ron Hubbard wrote 'Dianetics' while under the influence of amphetamines and alcohol, plus his usual three or four packs of filterless Kools per day. In the book itself, Hubbard recommends Benzedrine. If not for the pharmaceutical company that manufactured Benzedrine, and the distillery that made the Gin, plus a regular supply of mentholated cigarettes, which provided nicotine, we likely would not have had this masterpiece.
sarcastic This movie has no redeeming or inspiring quality. It is just a two hour marathon of depression. If you want to spoil your evening and experience depression this will do it. All you see is the disgusting side of things. Nothing good.
sarcastic This toy is WAY over rated.  The spots rub off with water. Sophie is naked now and her eyes look like her mascara has run down her face.  Not to mention that she feels and sounds like a dog toy, which is why my mom's dog ate her head.
sarcastic Here is a man that could not "give" a solid response to save 800,000 Rwandans writing a book about giving.  The irony is nauseating. No one who sits by and watches 800,000 people die and not take action should never be assumed to have the least bit wisdom in the area of giving.
sarcastic The pinnacle of bat perfection. Blood stains wash off easily with soap and water. Femurs snap like toothpicks under it's irresistible force. Deadbeats pay up instantly at the mere sight of this instrument. I can't imagine how I ever got by without it before. This thing could drop an elephant. Buy this bat.
sarcastic If you think the idea of watching a 40-something-year-old man attempt to minimalize his life to the nth degree could just be quirky enough to be interesting, think again. Written and directed by Noah Baumbach (The Squid and the Whale), Greenberg is an exercise in cinematic endurance that tests the audience's patience to the breaking point. How long you last will depend on how interested you can force yourself to be in the lives of Greenberg and the people he passes along the way. Chances are you will snap long before the movie stumbles to its pretentious ending.  [...]
sarcastic I ordered 5 bags and spread it all in newly tilled ground.  I watered regularly and still not one single blade of grass has grown.  Perhaps it grows in Canada but not Washington State!!  Would not waste my money again.
sarcastic Same problem other people had--Apple's refusal to honor warranty.  Battery was not able to hold an acceptable charge after only a few months.  Apple said it wasn't their problem, it was mine.  They said there was "liquid contact damage" even though they admitted the BUILT-IN "liquid contact damage indicator" showed NO liquid damage.  And no wonder, as there never was any "liquid contact." So either the (non-existent) liquid contact was at an acceptable level--or the "liquid contact indicator" would have detected it--or the indicator is faulty which would mean the product is faulty to begin with and it is no surprise then that the battery is faulty also, because Apple admits that even the fault indicator doesn't work!  But anyway, Apple would not fix their faulty product.  No wonder they have had class action suits filed against them in the past.  Don't expect Apple to honor their warranty. If you buy one of these, you better buy the "Square Trade" warranty as protection against Apple not honoring their own warranty.  And when they returned the iPod with the bad battery, the on/off button did not work correctly (it only works now if you push it repeatedly).  Thanks Apple.  Product is fine otherwise as far as its ability to do things that it should.  They were even very helpful when we had a problem shortly after buying the product (purchased application programs disappeared).  But they want $99 to replace a battery which should be a warranty item.  Not honoring the warranty drops the rating to a one star.  I will buy a different brand of product in the future. 
sarcastic I used this product on Tuesday night.  I ignored the burning and stinging on the bottom gums, and used it for the full 20 minutes each of the four times.  On Wednesday, my gums were blistered and raw.  Thursday (today), I am in fairly intense pain, with continued blistering and sharp pains if I smile, eat, or touch my chin/bottom lip.  My teeth are whiter, but I can't smile because of the pain.
sarcastic The only reason this book deserves one star is that something interesting actually happened,albeit AT THE END OF THE FRIGGIN' BOOK! I swear watching Teletubbies or mold grow in your shower is more interesting than this book.I could not get through half of it. Nothing even goes on until the very end.By then though,you have given up as did I. I agree that the book has a good plot but, how the plot is written is an entirely different story.One reviewer on here said that it sounded like it was written by a fifth grader.I wholeheartedly agree.I will never pick up this book again.
sarcastic So I decided after I got my Nepali-American girlfriend pregnant and she skipped out to Nepal the day after she have birth that I would track her down to get my baby boy. But how?? I mean, how the hell would I get to Kathmandu, Nepal? Well, I got the trusty Badonkadonk Tank, that's how!!! I airlifted this b*tch to Pakistan via a Muslim buddy I know, dropped it off and treked through the Dhawalagiri and Gandaki zones with NO PROBLEMS!! The Nepal army couldn't do anything to this tank...rounds bounced off like flies, and eventually compelled a surrender. I think the terms were something like, "yo, you can have this b*tch, just get that JL421 Badonkadonk Land Cruiser/Tank out of our country!!!" Yeah. best 20 stacks I ever spent.
sarcastic This film could put a chain smoker to sleep during an earthquake. It's so boring you won't believe it. The combat doesnt look real either. The actors portraying Japanese soldiers act like a bunch of twelve year olds who have never seen a gun go off before. They throw their hands up at the first sign of an American soldier without putting up a fight (yeah right!). In addition to all that, the history is all messed up. The US soldiers are portrayed as attackers when in fact they dug in and defended the island from the Japanese. What a joke.
sarcastic I know that in most natural disaster flicks they don't always get all of the technical details right, or they push the boundaries of reality a bit in order to tell a better story.  I liked "Volcano" and "Dante's Peak" despite their taking of artistic license.  They seemed to have consulted a scientist to at least learn the basics.  But this made-for-TV tripe goes beyond belief into the realm of laughable drivel.  Indeed, the only redeeming quality of the movie is that it is SO ridiculously wrong that you start laughing in disbelief at its stupidity.  Here are some of the technical wrongs: ~In each earthquake, for some reason the richter scale is a variable number that increases as the earthquake progresses and then decreases as the earthquake comes to an end.  In reality, the richter scale measures the total energy released through the entire event.  It can only be determined after the fact. ~If I remember my geology classes correctly, a 10.5 earthquake isn't possible. ~When a fault line "breaks" it does not create a sinkhole that follows train tracks around curves and only stops when it finally swallows the train that it has been chasing.  Get real. ~In the opening sequence, a cyclist outruns the earthquake waves.  No way anyone could ride a bike that fast.  The waves of an earthquake travel probably hundreds or thousands of miles an hour.  I don't know the exact number, but it's much faster than the 10 mph that a biker could go. ~Setting off a nuclear explosion wouldn't seal an earthquake fault.  It would create thousands more.  Anyway, this is just a taste of the inaccuracies that were inserted solely for theatrical effect.  Unfortunately I was not on the edge of my seat out of suspense.  I lost all interest in the movie after the first 10 seconds, but kept watching because I was given extra credit in geology for writing an essay about how terrible the movie was.
sarcastic Ok, so this is a cop movie, 2 cops, serious white guy (Bruce Willis) and stereotypical bumbling black guy. So lets consider the primary aspects of the movie:  1) Story line: An extremely weak plot. A snitch tells 2 bumbling cops about a narcotics drop off. The cops have a stake out (with just 2 guys), it goes foul, snitch dies. In comes a drug baron, a very very cheesy mexican dude with equally cheesy Mexican actors as side kicks. I live in LA, and I know mexican tough guys, these guys are the kinder garden variety. Seems the drug baron has lost a car.   White guy (Bruce) has daughter's wedding, needs 50g's, decides to sell a rare baseball card. Card gets stolen by Stifler (from American pie... of Stifler's Mom fame). Stifler is in to parcour (Street jumping) and steals the baseball card, which he sells to the drug lord. Then comes the worst ever street jumping clip ever filmed. I mean if I had a retarded little brother, who had polio... probably he could jump better.   Drug lord strikes a deal with the cops, get the car... get the baseball card back. Hmmm.. didnt know any NY cops who were soft enough to let a street hood call the shots. Anyway, these 2 evidently allow it. They trace the car.. By interrogating a 11 year old car jacker! JESUS! Car has been sold to a russian attorney. Honestly... NY lawyers make enough money to buy new cars (especially if living in a mansion with a swimming pool and detached garage as shown here), and any lawyer knows better than to deal in stolen goods and have his license revoked. /facepalm!  The cops get the car, and surprisingly, there is a girl in the trunk, thumping away. Evidently she has been there 2 days. And no one noticed it, with all the dealings with the car...while stealing the car, changing the number plates (as you would expect car thieves to do) or while the car was being sold to the lawyer.  Well, the cops find the girl. She is the ex-mistress of a Mexican drug baron, who our NY drug baron killed. She has a flash drive with the mexican baron's bank information. Passwords and cash amounts. (How convinient). She gives the 2 cops the slip, and leaves the flash drive (her only bargaining chip) behind. She is eventually caught by the NY drug baron.  Insane twist : Stifler is being held for felony robbery, assault with a deadly weapon, Assault on a police officer. I believe that the bail for that would be around a couple of million dollars, but ... guess what... Bruce willis, who doesnt have 50 g's for his kid's wedding, has dough enough to bail him. BIG hole in the plot! Plan: stifler is going to go in to the NY drug baron's house (which everyone seems to know where it is...) and its a condemned house (by the looks of it). Stifler falls off the roof and dies (Lol). the cops are in a shoot out. The bad guys die. Black dude finds out from nanny cam his wife isnt cheating on him. Bruce's wife's 2nd husband pays for the wedding. The flash drive is forgotten.  You are left with a wtf feeling.  Take "Shutter Island" for example. It had one story to tell, which it did solidly. Genius, Scorsese style. Take "Cop Out", mindless plot made up by a writer who is obviously on some serious drugs.   There is NOTHING which ties up. The story line is absolutely nonsense. There is some lame attempts at slapstick humor, but it is horribly presented.  Acting: Bruce willis is a respected actor. He must have been seriously compromised (wine or women?) to take up this pathetic role. His team up with the black dude is really really ill matched. There is absolutely no on screen chemistry.   There is a scene, where the black guy literally pouts and says "PUH LEEEEAAASSE... look at the nanny cam I put in my wife's bedroom to find out if she is cheating on me. I am too gutless to look, please look and tell me what happens." How lame is that....   The acting makes you disrespect Bruce Willis. Everyone else is pretty bad as well. Well, you get it, with such a plot, and such direction, no one can really look good.   It is an utter waste of time. It is so much fail.. let alone paying to see it on a theatre, or paying to rent the DVD or pay per view.. Dont even download it for free. LAWL. Its total fail!  Kaz, LA April 2010.
sarcastic Wow, I now know what it would sound like if Britpop went through a "KC & the Sunshine Band" phase. Arena rock used to be more monster truck, but now my kid brother's up on the stage, waving his snotrag above the greasy crowd like it's an extension of his "aura."   I remember when these Brian Eno Juniors were just innocent leeches. On "The Resistance," these dime-store divas are all too happy to concede. And the one attempt at humor, "United States of Uranus," ends up merely being the least offensive Queen imitation. These guys are the Madonnas of old-man emo.   If you had asked me before the fact, I never would have thought that you could market so many Radiohead imitators at the same time. If you had said Thom Yorke's help-I-just-choked-on-a-chicken-and-got-the-urge-to-sing vocal stylings would spawn a million followers, clogging up a whole decade in faux alacrity, I would have considered thee mad! Surely the world couldn't be that cruel! Then I heard the beginnings of the "Exogenesis" trilogy, a self-congratulatory fusion of Andrew Lloyd Webber's "Phantom of the Opera" and Rush's "Moving Pictures," and I knew that hell couldn't be much worse.
sarcastic Woe, thine gift of fire-less light! I am not one to fear the elements, but this "bi cycle light" has affected my spirit. How it works, I do not know. But it must be through mysticism and not fire, for it is not hot and nor does it flicker. Either it was formed through enchamberment of bright holy faeries or through sheer magics alone.  It came to me through Amazonia, and I expect that such people of the dark jungles would find strange new manners to produce light. I have seen flash powders for making instant fires, and glass crystals that can change the color of fire and sunlight. But never have I seen light from nothingness. Amazonia must have powerful enchanters indeed.  Moreso, this includes an enchanted reflector. It appears to be meant to be secured to some sort of pole, like a staff. I have secured it to my walking staff under the assumption that it protects me from evil lights, and reflects them as a harmless red glow. It's a fine idea to package both a light producer and a light consumer (shield), but nowhere is it written the form of light produced. I do hope that the enchantment is not soul-sucking and am currently testing it on a virgin's skin.
sarcastic I bought this for my 9 year old daughter for Christmas. I was very excited for her. I installed itunes on her computer (REQUIRED) and loaded it full of music, videos and apps. ITunes crashes a LOT and is VERY SLOW! Got it all loaded, she opened it, then none of the apps work! You click on an app and it opens up for about .2 of a second and closes immediately. The apps that come with it work, just none of the added ones. Well, Apple support was closed for 3 days until Monday! On the Apple site their wonderful support has you give them a date/time to call you back rather than just have help available. I went through like 5 horrible set up screens on the Apple web site to get them to call me back Monday to help with their broken Christmas present and WHOLA, the VERY LAST PAGE of the support site gave me some error message about the Apple web servers. Amazing. I think they need to re-do their ads that say Microsoft has buggy products. I am very computer savy and googled around and found the web REPLETE with similar problems. No solution worked except completely reformatting the ipod, creating a new account, and not letting itunes copy the apps for me. Then it worked. When it worked, I loved it. Therein is the problem. A 5 star product is a 1 star product if it is only good as a paperweight. Well, later that same day, we were adding apps and then the new ones started with the opening then immediately closing thing again. Reformatting and reloading everything twice a day is not a viable solution. I returned it.  That is not all of my fun with Apple. I did like the product WHEN IT WORKED so I went to the Apple store at the Mall of Georgia near Atlanta, GA. I told one of the 'geniuses' my problem to which she said she had a similar problem. She then continued to be unbelievably rude with comments like 'stop interrupting me' when I was just trying to clarify what was happening with my product when she stated something different than what I was saying along with 'what do you want me to do?' along with a 'Want me to get the manager?'. I was amazingly calm considering the level of bad attitude. I then told her that all I wanted a warm and fuzzy. I just wanted to know that I got a bad ipod and that it is a rare condition because I wanted to buy one that day. She did not do that. I then thanked her for helping me make up my mind and went out and got a Zune HD and love it. It works great. I already own an older IPod 30gb and a macbook 13''. They work well but are NOT bug free and as simple as advertised. I will not, however, be buying a single Apple product ever again thanks to the unbelievable rudeness of the 'genius' and the problems I had with this Christmas present on Christmas day for my daughter.  Also, the IPod is married to ITunes and the ITunes store. Most good media players give you access to the device for more of a tinkerer who wants to control the folder formats, what goes where, etc. Not a bunch of locked down, buggy, slow, DRM LADEN, confusing interfaces. The IPod makes you use ITunes. That DRM garbage and Apple only tie in junk proves it is Apple, not the 'evil' Microsoft that is all about the $$$. Hey, I'm a capitalist, but don't be so greedy and monopolistic about it. Anyway, I excecised my right as a Capitalist to go by a competing, easier, better product...the Zune.  And Zune has apps coming. Oh, and I have the G1 Android phone and love it. It has an app store, that went from nothing to a zillion apps in no time also. I bet the Zune one will soon also.
sarcastic 'Cause ya know: dose tings fall to da ground right often. Sumtimes widdout no warnin at all. An yours is such a pristine an bootiful egsample of da iPhone dat maybe youse should tink about...protectin it. Now i'm not sayin dat sometin is GONNA happen to it: jus' dat sumtin MIGHT happen...axe-i-dental like, see? Fallin out da pocket...slippin from da hand...tossin it to yer buddah-finga'd buddy. Stuff happens. Oh, geez: I'm sorry about yer glass, dere, buddy! I'm so clumsy dese days!  Now DIS ting, dis OtterBox: it's da BOMB, man! See, youse puts it in da cradle BACKwards, so's da face don't get all scratched by da pointy corners and junk in da offices. After a few brews, ya know,them straight lines like to play around. And wid dis rubberized outer layer wid a hard plastic shell? I'm tellin ya- an youse can believe me- dat dis ting will protect yer bootiful iPhone from a nice fall. Maybe even a kick or two. i'm jes  sayin. No need to git upset! I'm just tellin youse what wut COULD happen. Hey: I've had it happen to mine more dan a few times, I can tell ya! An dis OtterBox case: dis ting just took it wid a big smile. Course, now I can't sleep at night wit dis ting near da bed. I'm a bit worried 'bout it...gettin back at me, like. Udderwise, I can't say enuff good tings 'bout it, know wut i'm sayin?   So get one fer youses iPhone. Ya jest never know...and oh...I'm sorry again ! i didn't see dat nise vase youse had sittin on the pedestal in fronta me! I really AM so clumsy dese days!  
sarcastic Don't let the picture fool you, these shoes DO NOT make you jump as high as the moon.  In fact, even the most highly-trained athlete wearing these shoes would only be able to jump as high as the clouds.   While gravity and shoddy craftsmanship might limit your jumping potential, your imagination will allow you to leap to the stars!  That's the best part about Black Moon Shoes -- it's not about how high you can or can't jump -- it's about how high you WANT to jump.   So when it comes to using your imagination and developing important motor skills, Hart Enterprises' Black Moon Shoes are leaps and bounds above the competition.
sarcastic I'm not what most people would call "political." I'm more into things like backpacking. But sometimes when I read something I just think, "Yep. This is pretty killer." I kind of thought that when I read this book.
sarcastic Whenever anyone comes over to play, this is perfect.  Give him the pink controller, and don't let him forget who's in charge.
sarcastic First off its an inanimate electronic device nothing more.  Save your passion and love for the PEOPLE in your life should you be so blessed.   No USB  No SD Slot  No Security software  No Camera or Video  No Tethering to anything  No Voice Recorder  No Calculator  No Weather  No Flash   Not a true user configurable tablet PC nor is it a true user friendly portable device (Room to Room) does not count.  It is a considerably dumbed down, denuded and stripped down iphone, iguess with no phone......wow.......how inovative.  Curious, how does it feel to be an unsolicited beta-tester ?  It is also a huge content pig providing considerable additional profit for apple by driving up the cost of ownership skyhigh........ca-ching.  App. buy ins could potentially soar into hundreds of dollars again rasing the cost of ownership...........ca-ching.   USB was specifically excluded to prevent users from connecting 3G broadband devices from providers other than at&t.........can you spell verizon ?   Any well configured HD notebook will leave this Gen-1 tablet in the dust and for similar dollars.   A failed attempt at being the first on the block with the newest thing mentality by Obi-Wan Jobs  and this from the same genuises who brought their customer base the NEWTON.  You apple weenies got seriously hosed.  Read and weep......"Engadget also suggested said that the next-gen Apple TV will essentially be an iPad without a screen, using the SAME HARDWARE, including the CPU OS, and 16-Gbytes of flash memory. To accommodate the smaller storage, Apple will EMPHASISE STREAMING CONTENT the report said".  All that and more for only $99 bucks.....wow.....talk about getting screwed out of the contents of ones wallet.  Thats nothing, wait till the 2nd Gen ipad, better configured and cheaper hits the stores for xmas.  Apple-ites will be jumping out of their starbucks windows....eh !  Furthermore from the august pages of  the "No news is good news" dept.  AT&t in partnership (co-conspirators) with snapple, royal screws its customer base.....again.  Read on; [...]
sarcastic Looking for a spooky tale to curl up to this Halloween season?  Is there a glaring gap between your Stephen King and Anne Rice books on the shelf?  Here's the perfect horror novel to plug it with!  A supernatural thriller to the core, the monster in this book will thrill and chill you! A demonic entity named Yahweh sets humanity up with the perfect trap: the Tree of Life. Knowing they'll eat the otherwise purposeless fruit, he slaps them with a generational curse that binds them to his malevolent will!  What follows is the most twisted tale of evil ever written! Yahweh, egotistical and ragingly jealous, uses those under his control to rape and pillage cultures that don't worship him.  Men, women and animals alike were slain in these bloodthirsty raids.  The only hope you had was being a virgin woman whom Yahweh encourages to be conquested [Deuteronomy 21:10-13], [Deuteronomy 20:13-16].  If you have a hard time reading about cruel animal and human sacrifices, perverted sexual references and the murder and abuse of children I suggest not picking this up.  This is a true tale of horror and our villian is far from tactful!  However, Yahweh's not a transparent, homocidal manaic.  To be so would be far too predictable and I commend the author on his skillful character development.  What makes Yahweh so fiendish is that he commits his violent acts under the veneer of love! To fool humanity futher he sent down a hippy version of himself and later set that person up to die, quenching his bloodlust once again.  But, that's not where the horror ends!  I hate to give away the ending but it's far too devious to go unmentioned!  In the end his cult followers will be sucked  into an alternative dimension where they will toil and praise his ego to neverending extents.  Those who choose not to accept his conditional, unconditional love will find themselves in a sadistic torture pit of his making.  What's really neat about this work of fiction is you don't even have to pay for it!  There's many fan bases out there that will happily provide you with a copy!
sarcastic It's all about the characters! It's not about answering any of the questions that were teasingly introduced for 5 years. It's all about, you know, who winds up shagging who, just like every other vapid soap opera on tv. I mean come on people, do you REALLY care what the island was supposed to be in the end? Isn't the intellectual thrill ride that is the Jack/Kate/Sawyer/Juliet relationship roller coaster far better to have all the answers to? And I know I know, the flash sideways had nothing, absolutely nothing to do with anything that happened in the first 5 seasons of LOST, nor did they have anything to do with anything that happened on the island or to the characters while they were alive, but aren't you glad to finally, at the end of this 6 season saga, find out what they were really all about?  Season 6 is a classic example of the bait and switch, or of, wait for it... The Long Con! You know, the title of one of the earlier episodes! See!? They DID know where they were going with this show all along!  Sheesh.
sarcastic Would have been nice if the stilts could accommodate multiple/varying heights.  Seems to be only two settings...if not just right for your child's height, the stilts are a little awkward to use.  If you have two children of different heights, you have to change the settings...which cannot be done just by 'clicking a button'.
sarcastic I don't know where all of these people are getting their ratings from. Did we read the same book? The only possible reason this book could be a "best seller" is because of how notorious the case is. I have been following this case very closely, and am a huge true crime reader. I am also just an avid reader. This book was simply all of the information I had already read on the internet mashed together. Nothing new, no surprises no insight. I found it tedious to read page after page of law enforcement interviews verbatim--easily accessible from docstoc.com. There was little if any author input or insight and any insight or input given was delivered strangely and in a strange word order that had me re-reading sentences to make sure I understood. In addition to this the author's sentences were very clipped and short. There was no flow, no eloquence, no suspense. It is truly one of the worst books I've read, and it is a shame because I so looked forward to it--in fact, I followed the case so closely, I COULD HAVE WRITTEN IT BETTER! I'm sorry, but I feel like I wasted $7.00. In all fairness, perhaps my distaste for the book was in part due to my knowledge of the case. Maybe those who have no knowledge might enjoy the book. I wouldn't recommend it, but if you want the "cliff notes" to the case, this is the book for you.
sarcastic We purchased two droids with high hopes. My husband loves his. I do not. After going back everyday for a week to Verizon they are telling me that my finger tempature is to high and doesn't work well with the touchscreen pad. Funny I'm typing this on my new IPad.  I'm taking back my droid and I've already gone back to my Blackberry.  Bummer. Very disappointed  Sad in LA
sarcastic I got these socks as a gift. As it was, the gift was unexpected and strange. See, I hadn't ordered anything from Amazon and yet, when I got home, there was an Amazon box on my porch, addressed to me, yet oddly missing the normal gibberish stickers that come from the UPS or FedEx. In it was 6 pairs of socks--these socks. "Well, I can use some socks," I thought. So I took the socks and placed them, still wrapped, into my sock drawer.  The next day, I was dressing and opened my sock drawer and found these new socks neatly folded and lined-up, which was odd. I also swear that I heard a faint rainstick and some distant tribal drumming as the drawer slid open. I attempted to wear other socks, however, mostly because I didn't want to wear white socks with my black shoes. But as I put the other socks on, they were all were somehow too tiny to fit onto my feet. Five times in a row this happened. I thought that I had shrunk everything in the dryer, so I gave up and put on these new Hanes cushioned crews.  Immediately, I felt a sense of joy. It was strange, like the first time you kiss someone, or how you felt as a kid when waking up on Christmas morning. I kept wondering if it was the socks that made me feel that way, or if I was just somehow subconsciously triggered to reminisce.  That day, in it's entirety, was wonderful. At least 50 people I had never spoken to before somehow knew my name. These were people on the street, even. At the coffee shop, the girl who normally had the demeanor of a disgruntled, middle-age cafeteria worker actually gave me free coffee and tried to flirt with me. Not just to flirt, but a stumbly sort of flirting that only comes about when desire has made you lose your grasp of language structure.  At the university, I was excused from an upcoming midterm for a reason I don't even remember. I think it involved being "an attentive enough listener at lectures." At work, I was promoted to full-time salaried work with a bonus. However, in the parking lot, I thought my luck had turned on me as I discovered my car had been totaled by some rich guy in a Jaguar. But, no! The guy throws me into a taxi and has me pick out a new car for myself on the nearby auto row. So within 30 minutes I was the proud owner of a new Mercedes.  These socks were great that first day, and I went to bed a happy but confused man. But very soon my luck had changed. The second day I again went to put on some socks and I immediately reached for a pair of these Hanes Classics. However, they ripped in the toes and heels. Five times in a row this happened until I was plumb out of new socks.  In short, Hanes makes a fantastically magical sock, but I'm rating this sock a 2 because the quality is pretty lousy. Also, my one day of greatness made me realize how horrible my life really is when I don't have magic socks to wear.
sarcastic I bought this helmet for two reasons: disguise and durability. When you're out there on the streets performing missions, the last thing you want is for bad guys to recognize you. Or, worse, be able to knock you out with their lazers and baseball bats. Well this helmet, surprisingly, protects me from neither of those things.  I put a lot of thought into this helmet before deciding upon it. As a vigilante crime fighter, I believed in the need for a disguise. That way, criminals couldn't find the real me in the phone book and hurt me in my house, or hurt my cat when I am not in my house (I'd probably be out fighting other criminals). I also believed that the "missions" that are part of this helmet would help me train and fight crime with more creativity. But there are no useful missions. It's all weird stuff about zords. I have no idea what zords are, but they are no use to me when I'm chasing down jewel thieves or wrestling drug dealers. Maybe someday I'll meet one of these zords and this training will come to some use, but I doubt it.  Speaking of which, I have no idea what they meant for this helmet to protect me against. It's just too small, for one, and there's no way it could withstand the blow from a lead pipe or glass bottle. My enemies often use lead pipes and glass bottles in our battles, but thankfully I've never taken a hit directly to this mega helmet.  For that matter, my peripheral vision is just ruined, so I'm often running down into dark alleys while flipping the helmet off and on just to make sure I don't trip over any hobos. This exposes my face for an instant, and an instant is all a criminal needs to recognize me or fire a sonic blast into my waiting face.  And how do they expect me to fight crime with the shaded visor? Crime happens mostly at night. Night, as you may know, is darker than day. I don't need a shaded visor at night. What were the Power Ranger Engineers thinking when they designed this thing? Maybe over there in power ranger land they have very bright nighttimes, but not here. No sir.  Then there are the sound effects. Look, guys, I'm guessing that over there in power ranger land criminals are easily shocked and awed when you come at them with all kinds of futuristic sounds. But over here, they just laugh at me. Maybe that's the point. I don't know, but at least I can kick them when they are laughing.  Now here's something else that's concerning: On the box there's some small child in what appears to be fighting stance 16B. It also says that this mission helmet is good for 4 years and older. I assume they really mean "4+ years of street-level crime-fighting experience", not someone's literal age. Notably this "child" or "small man" on the cover is wearing no other protection and is comically trying to fight crime with only his bare hands (in fighting stance 16B, no less! That's only good for battling frogmen!). I'm an adult crime fighter and I wear shin guards at least, and also a very thick sweater if it's cold. Bare hands? Only if you've had bioenhancements, such as adamantium reinforcements! If that was true, then why would this child need the protection of a helmet? It just doesn't make sense at all.  This is just misrepresentation. For that matter, why is this in the "toy" section? Fighting crime is a serious matter, for serious people. Even if you have no intention of using this helmet in your crime-fighting adventures, there's a danger of being seen as a crime-fighter by criminals simply for wearing the mission helmet.
sarcastic I see the popularity of Twilight being human's weakness. I expect better because we're better than this codependent, whining, immature fantasy designed to appeal to the worst of people.
sarcastic So is this the best selling movie of all time?  Well it is certainly the most over hyped and overrated movie of all time.  Don't get me wrong, I really enjoy good science fiction movies, but this is nothing more than typical Hollywood social commentary wrapped up in a long and boring melodrama with unrealistic and drawn out action scenes.    The social commentary becomes paramount to the movie and prevents this from being any more than a simplistic storyline with stereotypical characters who have unimaginative roles.  There are no suprises here.  No unexpected turns or twists.  It almost verges on satire.  The movie is supposed to be futuristic, with complex technology, and sophisticated technological operations on planet Pandora.  You would think it would require humans with specialized training sophistication as well; yet the guy running the robotic bulldozer is portrayed as some redneck in in his flannel shirt and baseball cap.  The evil money grubbing corporate guy is dressed in a present day shirt and tie, practicing his golf skills in the middle of the operations room.  T-shirts, present day military outfits, bows and arrows?  Futuristic?  Give us a break.
sarcastic The spunky gal who first appeared on the scene as a simple-minded but endearing propaganda puppet for global corporate policy has now graduated to become the poster girl for those suffering from terminal stupidity.  The description of the book states that the book was ghostwritten (for SP fans - "ghostwritten" means she didn't write it herself - someone else wrote it for her).  In view of this fact, it's interesting to see that customer reviews praise the book by saying "oh now that I've read the book, I know the real Sarah!"  Like George W. Bush, Sarah Palin is incapable of writing a book, and it's quite possible that, like George W. Bush, she has difficulty reading books.  The conservative media (especially Fox News) has created a virtual Disneyland for those who can't handle reality to immerse themselves in.  And Sarah Palin is the princess in that Right Wing castle, who rose from humbleness to prominence by memorizing speeches written by her handlers from the RNC.  Why anyone would actually pay money to read this poorly written fiction is beyond belief.  If you really want to read a book by a prominent fascist, read Mein Kampf, it's well written and explains the mythos of the white master race much better than Sarah does.
sarcastic I have found to my great horror that this Relaxation Capsule opens portals into other worlds, worlds that man was never meant to open.  I have opened a portal to the realm of the Great Old Ones and unleashed them upon this world.  I do not know how much longer I shall be able to maintain my sanity, that is if I should be fortunate enough to survive so long.  If I am not able to somehow reverse this, using my Uranium Ore  and banish The Old Ones back to their nether realm, it shall be the doom of all humanity!  If I should fail, please forgive me.  Purchasers of this relaxation capsule should beware of opening other-worldly portals, as many powerful and dangerous forces lurk in hidden recesses of this universe, waiting to unleash terror upon this world.
sarcastic Glenn Beck is at the forefront of the Republican purity purge. He's constantly denouncing this or that GOP politician for deviations from his ideological line. Recently, he extended this into the past, attacking Teddy Roosevelt as a RINO because he once made an inoccuous comment about being in favor of wealth as long as it was acquired by means that weren't socially destructive (apparently Beck is in favor of socially destructive behaviour as long as it produces wealth for someone).  And yet, he's done the reverse here: he's tried to claim an icon of the Left as being on HIS side. Tom Paine, whose objection to onerous taxes was a) that the burden fell too heavily on the poor (so he proposed hiking taxes on the rich, including a top land tax of 100%) and b) that it was spent on court placeholders and the war machine instead of being used to help the unfortunate ("defense", meaning offense, is the one area Beck WOULDN'T cut if he were in power). Paine practically _invented_ the redistributive purpose which is precisely what Beck and his ilk hate so much about tax.  The Beckbots lap this stuff up. They've never read any Tom Paine: they've been told about Common Sense by someone who didn't understand it, and they don't know that he wrote anything else. Even the First Part of The Rights of Man would probably be too egalitarian for them; if they ever read Part Two (OMG socialism!), or The Age of Reason (ZOMG atheism!), let alone Agrarian Justice (OMFG communism!), their heads would explode. One might think that, once Mr Beck had told them the name, they'd at least look it up on Wikipedia. Do they have no curiosity at all? Are they actively afraid of learning anything?  The Right can't have Thomas Paine, Mr Beck. You might as well try to claim Karl Marx.
sarcastic I own all of the current major consoles, PS3, XBOX 360 and Wii.  They all have their pluses and minuses and my feelings for the PS3 is that its a a great BluRay player but I have no love for it as game system.  All of my family uses the Wii, we own 2 XBOX 360s due to my kids and myself wanting to play it but the PS3 only gets used for movies.  I originally planned to use it as a second game system but there are few originals while the XBOX has tons of exclusives not availble for PS3(Halo, Gears of War, Forza, Mass Effect etc).  But the biggest drawback for me personally is that the PS3 controller is the same size and design as the one introduced 15 years ago on the original Playstation.  Sure, its wireless now but its too small and not ergonomic(unless you are a child or chimpanzee).  The new slimline is slightly nicer than the old toaster but it is still not stackable due to its curved case.  For some reason Sony thinks the Playstation needs to handle well in wind tunnels.  The "sleek" design may come in handy when I toss it out the window to replace with a normal Bluray player. So in short if you want a Bluray player, buy a Bluray player, if you want a great game system, buy an XBOX, and if you want a spoiler for your car, buy a PS3.
sarcastic I just started reading this book, aptly called "Make Money Reading Books" and only 1 page in and I've already made $5 from reading this very book. There it was, a $5 bill on page two. I can't wait to see how much money I'll make by the time I get to page 30.
sarcastic Think you are smarter than everyone else? Understand the plight of African-Americans more than anyone, because you are open-mined, unlike the conformist masses? Then this book is perfect for you! Now, am I racist?  Of course not.  Is it that I have a problem with offensive or &quot;provocative&quot; material...no, I love Amistead.  Unfortunately, with a touchy subject such as race issues in America, it's hard to actually critique a book for its content, instead of its message.  But if you want to see a real piece of art dealing with slavery, watch Amistead...much better.
sarcastic I bought this album for my Fiancee's 25th birthday and I know she was greatly looking forward to it. However, a few days later, she suffered a brain hemmorage and was rushed to hospital. For many days she lay in a coma and I feared the worst. And then, late one night, I began playing this album to her and the moment she heard Katie Price's amazing voice her eyes began to flutter. By the end of track 3 she was sitting upright in bed, tossing her hair - and by track 5 we were making love like wild stallions. Needless to say, for both of us, this timeless and extraordinary album is little short of a miracle!  PS: Since writing this review, I have learned that my fiancee DID listen to the album many weeks before and this may, in fact, have caused her brain to nearly explode. However, this has done nothing to reduce my admiration for Ms Price and I look forward to her next album - 'Songs for Cross Dressing Cage Fighters' - with great relish!
sarcastic Janet Evanovich has cranked out 15 great Stephanie Plum novels, and if she's tired of doing it, that's her right.  Thanks for the 15 great reads.  But whoever thought they could keep a lucrative series going strong by finding someone else to write number 16 was sorely mistaken - because, as noted, you can't duplicate effervescence.  Yes, the author has read all the other books.  Me, too.  Yes, the author knows that Stephanie is torn between two hotties.  I got that, too.  Yes, the author knows to include wacky characters and purportedly amusing scenarios.  But being able to write IN THE STYLE of Janet Evanovich is not the same thing as BEING Janet Evanovich.  I can write in the style of Mark Twain or Charles Dickens; it's just not going to be any good.  Sizzling Sixteen falls as flat as Granny Mazur in an orthopedic boot.  Don't be fooled by the name on the cover; this isn't Our Girl.  Only question now is - do we trust that Janet will be back for #17, horrified by the literary crime committed under her name?  Or is it time to give up hope and lose ourselves in earlier volumes, enjoying Stephanie at her best and not subjecting ourselves to the pain of what must surely be ham-fisted fan fiction in print?
sarcastic I really wanted to  enjoy this game,as I have the first two Persona games as well as Nocturne and Devil Summoner;but Persona 3 goes way past the line of good taste.  To summon your Persona (other self or ego) players will put a gun (called an Evoker) to their head and pull the trigger.Atlus,this is %110 BULL***T!!  The fact that these characters are teenagers and also that adolescents are among the highest rate of suicide victims,makes me want to vomit,when I think that YOU ARE MAKING MONEY OFF THIS!  There was absolutely no reason to put something so careless,idiotic and in such bad taste in a a game.This was all done in the name of the almighty dollar.Who needs any form of integrity when we can make a quick buck?  It's also not as if this is displayed once in the game,but everytime a character wants to transform into a Persona,we get to see a nice scene of kids blowing their brains out.What class Atlus;I hope you sleep well at night.What a wonderful thing for the youth to be exposed to.No doubt this game will also be played by those under 17.Even those who are of age and older,this is an unhealthy thing to be desensitized with.  To ALL the developers at Atlus and ALL the people that say there is nothing wrong with that aspect of the game;why don't you show this to some families WHO HAVE LOST LOVED ONES TO SUICIDE?Specifically by using a gun!See how "creative","artistic" or "FUN" they think it is.  This game should be recalled and that ignorant,insensitive and immature aspect be removed.I hope these jokers get sued,and whatever money they made from this game gets donated to teen suicide prevention.  GROW UP AMERICA!
sarcastic This book is oversimplified fluff.  The author makes it sound like a person can effortlessly make ends meet without working or by working part time on $6000 a year.  No mention of where that $6000 is supposed to come from (you need more than $150,000 saved up to reliably make $6000 a year).  No mention of how one is supposed to cover health insurance, a home, meals, transportation, travel, etc.  If your dream is to live like a 20 year old, with no responsibilities, no family, and no money, this book is for you.  Several of the people he uses as examples of living the Life or Riley include a 50 year old guy who lives in a used camper, an ex-Domino's delivery boy who's 27 and plans to ride his bike the rest of his life, and some guy who sings on a street corner.  There was not one example of a husband and wife with several children living his so-called Life of Riley.  $6000 a year?  That's called poverty.  Much of the book is quite repetitive.  He must use "write a novel" about a dozen times as a way to spend one's time and make money.  You know how difficult it is to write a novel?  I'd say perhaps 1 in a 1,000 people have the skills to actually write a decent novel.  His list of 300 things to do to keep busy and make enough to get by is trite and laughable.  One good thing he does talk a lot about is don't waste your time watching TV (I stopped watching TV about 5 years ago and it was life changing).  Although if you follow his advice, about the only thing you will be able to afford to do is watch TV.  Deciding to retire or seriously cut back your work schedule is not something to take lightly, especially for someone who is under 50 or does not have great health.  The author makes it sound like it's a simple process and provides no concrete details on how to make it happen.  Here's my advice:  work your butt off, save as much as possible, don't buy what you don't really need, invest wisely, and know when enough is enough.  There are two far superior books:  Your Money or Your Life and The Millionaire Next Door.  I would only recommend this book to someone who is near retirement age or has the financial means to cut back his or her work schedule.  It has some decent ideas on how to keep busy.
sarcastic That's right kids.   Don't be doing the sex thing.  But if you are be doing the sex thing, don't be taking no pills or putting no rubber things on your ding dong to prevent god's babies.   After all, we need more crazy people to write more nonsense like this.
sarcastic Herpes is great to pass around the office and toss to other people.  He comes out at the most random times, but its so much fun to play with.
sarcastic Usually I am a huge fan of hats that look like food.  My meatloaf hat has been a hit for years.  When I received my turkey hat I carefully unwrapped the bubble wrap and gazed upon its tan beauty.  I, of course, melted like gravy.  For years the turkey hat design had been a mystery.  Many great food clothing designers have tried and failed, but I felt this one could have been the breakthrough we have all been waiting for.  I waited patiently as the months rolled by for that special November holiday to finally appear, and, without fail, it did.  I put on my usual Thanksgiving attire, black shoes, brown pants, white shirt and this great yellowish v neck sweater top I bought at this neat little shop in Solvang.  But my outfit was not complete.  I finally got the chance to put on my turkey hat.  It was less than fabulous.  My hopes were crushed.  The legs were a bit baggy and the tannish yellow was far from authentic.  I decided to wear it anyways in hopes we would see a Thanksgiving miracle, and as I entered my aunts house for our traditional thanksgiving dinner the room went silent.  Where years before my yam hats, buttery mash potato beret and my cranberry sauce tophat have all been cheered and talked about endlessly, my turkey hat was a flop, literally at times.  I don't know who made the initial pattern for this hat, but they should be jailed.  Something as serious as a turkey hat should not have fallen to whatever design intern was given this job.  It not only ruined my thanksgiving, it not only made my nephew throw up from crying so hard, but it made me lose my faith in food themed head wear.  SO thanks for  nothing turkey hat.
sarcastic I'm 45 minutes into this film and can't think of any good reason to finish watching it. There is NO STORY. Belle is pining for Edward and fixing a motorcycle. Wow, I'm on the edge of my seat. I've never been able to see what the young ladies see in Robert Pattinson, and this makes me wonder even more. But to each his (or in this case, her) own. The only thing keeping me in suspense is when does Taylor Lautner cut his hair? If you're a fan of the series or fan because all your other friends are gaga for this series, then watch it, otherwise, catch up on any missed episodes of Buffy. She's far more entertaining.
sarcastic The sick thing is, no matter how repetitious and predictable this game is, I can't stop playing.  If you're reading this and don't know what "Puzzle Quest" is, I'm honestly surprised.  Go read my review of the first game and know that this one is...  Well, kind of different.  Too lazy?  Okay.  "Puzzle Quest" is "Bejeweled" crossed with "Dungeons & Dragons."  But not D&D 4e; no d20 systems here or anything.  This is all about matching three things and winning.  Except, you can win.  This is an epic advancement over the first game.  The original "Puzzle Quest" would string four- and five-length matches together repeatedly until you were dead.  Sometimes you didn't even get to play a round before you lost.  You would click on an opponent, challenge them, and immediately face a screen explaining that you've lost.  "Puzzle Quest 2" fixes this.  I'm certain the game is still cheating, but to make up for it, the game also has artificial idiocy programmed.  Every so often, it skips an opportunity to run your face into an orc's backside, allowing you the chance to run the computer's face into an orc's backside.  The problem is, who cares?  It's still just "Bejeweled" and weren't we supposed to be tired of that in 2005?  I guess not, because I'm still matching fist gems together to earn enough action points to throw a knife into a goblin's eyeball.  The other major change is everything else.  Instead of clicking on a map and moving to a point on a giant board game overview, now you stomp around in an isometric view like that old NES wizarding game, "Snake Rattle & Roll."  While "Snake Rattle & Roll" had you bouncing around garish neon landscape eating smaller snakes to grow bigger, here you're slowly plodding through a garish neon dungeon eating smaller enemies to earn basic ingredients to upgrade your own equipment.  Very slowly plodding.  On the upside, because this world is made of magic and electronic bits, there's a guideline constantly pointing you toward the next quest goal, so even when you're lost, you're not.  Man, I wrote way more about this stupid game than I thought I would.  And that angers me.  It angers me that I'm still playing it and it angers me that I could type this much.  Because I don't really like the game.  There's no plot, only one town, and the game totally cheats when you're playing the looting minigame.  But I want to get back to playing it now, for some reason.  So, you know, whatever.  It's okay.
sarcastic Why didn't someone think of that before?! For all these years, people have been suffering from the "turkey neck."  I bought one and CANNOT believe how well it works!! I haven't stopped pointing out my newest self improvement feature to everyone I know. I now have the firm straight chin of a Marine Drill Instructor. I no longer have fatty flesh along my neck hanging like the man boobs of a sumo wrestler.  My neck is now my favorite feature apart from my cankles. A day after using the Neckline Slimmer, I can no longer turn my head any direction but up or down, and I LOVE the fulfilling sensation of a solid 2 minute workout. And I found  other applications; I used the Neckline Slimmer as a pogo stick for my hamster! She bounced around for hours until the cat had enough. I used the low pressure spring as a shock absorber in my new Michael Kors  heels. And, the European cream is better than  the wax on the furniture and tastes great on Rocky Road ice cream!! Thanks Neckline Slimmer for helping me lose 200 pounds!!! Bye bye triple chin!!PS, It finally feels great to not be mistaken for Rosie O'donnell now a days :)  I haven't been this happy with an online product since I bought a wolf-moon t-shirt last year.
sarcastic I love a good ghost series, but Paranormal State doesn't belong in that category: It is slapstick. It's an embarrassment.  As another reviewer stated, the kiddie warriors in this series never really find anything. They just make a lot of scary oooo's and ahhhhh's and then they go home.  And what happened to Chip the Psychic in this season? Did he fall on his head and become Chip the DumDum Clown? Hey Chip: Give it a rest. You're trying too hard. We can see that you are seriously studying the body language of the people you're talking to, looking for cues to see if you're hot or cold. You are not psychic: You are an actor...a hammy actor.  And why do the warriors usually opt for the goofiest case studies they can find? Why do they opt for spirit-board types who probably charm snakes and speak "in tongues" when the camera crews are gone? It's madness.  And there is a healthy dose of Christian propaganda in this show that is unacceptable. "In the name of Jesus Christ" is the most repeated line in this tiresome series. Make no mistake: This series is spiked with religious propaganda; Jews, atheists, Muslims, and all others, beware...only priests and their holy water can save you from the dark side.  B-A-L-O-N-E-Y.  Two thumbs down for this series. No, make it two thumbs down TIMES every student at Penn State who is embarrassed to have their school mentioned in each of these shows.
sarcastic Morris has a laundry list of complaints about Congress and American Politics yet rather than targeting the real villains of Congress (ie Tom DeLay and his corrupt regime) he predictably blames it all on the Democrats.  Yawn.  The real outrage is that a guy who is caught hiring a prostitute (and telling national secrets to that prostitute) can still be seen as credible.    If you are looking for a reasoned book on the decline of American politics, save your money.  If you are looking for a rant about the Democrats and Clinton with little facts then give it a try (although don't think too hard about what Morris will spend the profits on....) 
sarcastic By the time I finished using Bissell's Little Green carpet cleaning machine, I realized it would have taken less time if I'd just taken an old toothbrush, a bottle of spot cleaner, and scrubbed the stains out.  That would have saved me the fifteen extra minutes it took to empty and clean the water tanks, the nozzle, and the cleaning head.  I could have used old towels to blot the damp carpet, which is what I ended up doing, anyway, because Little Green is little help sucking up the water left in the rug.  The spray of cleaning solution shoots in two different directions. [Very funny, Bissell.]  I'm still wondering what the "Heater" is for, because it sure didn't facilitate drying and the water didn't stay warm for very long.  Lastly, I'd have forgiven all of that if it had delivered an impressive cleaning; it didn't.  With the mixing, the messy water tanks, the scrubbing, and the additional clean-up, I have to wonder what was the point.
sarcastic I saw a wolf shirt that spoke to me like a shirt with a saying on it. I loved it. It loved me. (see Three Wolf Moon T-Shirt, Available in Various Sizes ). That shirt was ok... but it's THIS shirt that reaches deep into my soul, punches it in the face, and wakens it. That's when my soul (half wolf) leaps out of my body, ripping through the shirt, and into your lives, forever. Like Rocky... as in Rocky 5. It's beautiful, and it has you by the throat.  With the powers of this shirt, I sired three offspring. One Caucasian, one African-American, and one Chinese... all with the same woman and/or gestation period. And for all those domestic-vehicle-driving jerks who say you don't have to wash wolf shirts, you couldn't be more wrong and I am insulted. I wash this shirt EVERY SINGLE DAY (when I shower) and it has yet to fade! Dove powers over Dawn like a wolf parade on a lazy sunday.  I wore this shirt to the beach, went swimming in the riptide, was bitten in the face by a shark. How awesome is that?!  But, this shirt isn't about the powers it inherits. It's about the respect I receive while wearing. I once passed another man-soul who bore the mighty lone wolf shirt (he must have been me, and me him, during a powerful astral projection session in our evening sleep. It WAS a full moon that night). We met eye-to-eye, hugged, and cried for hours. It was moving. People were walking around us.  To sum this review with three words: I LOVE THISSHIRT! Please make more.   Pros: Wolf. Soul. Grows mullets. Calms Babies. Cons: I'm too sexy for this shirt. But that's ok.
sarcastic He always brought home milk on Friday.  After a long hard week full of days he would burst through the door, his fatigue hidden behind a smile. There was an icy jug of Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz in his right hand. With his left hand he would grip my waist - I was always cooking dinner - and press the cold frostiness of the jug against my arm as he kissed my cheek. I would jump, mostly to gratify him after a time, and smile lovingly at him. He was a good man, a wonderful husband who always brought the milk on Friday, Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz.  Then there was that Friday, the terrible Friday that would ruin every Friday for the rest of my life. The door opened, but there was no bouyant greeting - no cold jug against the back of my arm. There was no Tuscan Whole Milk in his right hand, nor his left. There came no kiss. I watched as he sat down in a kitchen chair to remove his shoes. He wore no fatigue, but also no smile. I didn't speak, but turned back to the beans I had been stirring. I stirred until most of their little shrivelled skins floated to the surface of the cloudy water. Something was wrong, but it was vague wrongness that no amount of hard thought could  give shape to.  Over dinner that night I casually inserted,"What happened to the milk?" "Oh,"he smiled sheepishly, glancing aside,"I guess I forgot today."  That was when I knew. He was tired of this life with me, tired of bringing home the Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz. He was probably shoveling funds into a secret bank account, looking at apartments in town, casting furtive glances at cashiers and secretaries and waitresses. That's when I knew it was over. Some time later he moved in with a cashier from the Food Mart down the street. And me? Well, I've gone soy.
sarcastic The Sonicare Essence series e5300 is a great manual toothbrush, not sonic. I say this because when it completely dies anywhere from 2-6 months from date of purchase, you will be using it as a manual toothbrush. I use mine in the shower. It fits great in my hand and has some weight to it (from the non-replaceable dead battery) so it's not as cheap-feeling as a flimsy plastic toothbrush. The bristles are also nice and compact and reach fairly well. The only downside is the price. At around fifty bucks it's a little steep for a manual toothbrush, but hey, you get what you pay for right? The build quality is way better than a cheap six dollar plastic toothbrush and replacement heads are only about twenty-five bucks per two pack. Find comfort in knowing that when yours dies (and it will) it makes a great manual toothbrush. Also, you can cut the electrical cord off of the now useless charger and use it for a cool-looking toothbrush holder! The only reason I gave it one star is because it is supposed to be a sonic toothbrush, but oh well. It still kicks butt as a manual one!
sarcastic As Vince says in the commercial "you're gonna love my nuts" but the slap chop doesn't do a very good job of chopping them. This thing is flimsy and cheap. It has a hard time chopping foods with peels. Food goes everywhere and gets stuck in the blades. I don't recommend this TV product.
sarcastic The great tragedy of this book is that the author didn't kill off Catherine and Heathcliff MUCH SOONER.  Then she might have been able to introduce alternate main characters who were actually interesting.    Although given Emily Bronte's track record with the aforementioned losers, maybe populating her novels with characters that the reader would find interesting just wasn't her strong suit....
sarcastic I happened upon my Zubaz at the mall in (19)95, and automatically I was overcome by a spiritual, animal connection. My soul ached and cried: I am just a man, trapped in my faded denim jeans. My animal spirit was calling me, and I knew at that moment that, for to truly be at one with nature, I must wear purple zebra print pants.  When I got some, I ran into the woods with only my Zubaz and armed with a pocket knife. In solitude I sat in the woods, living and thinking like the animal, when I happened upon a wolf. There I was, both of us staring into each others eyes. We knew. We felt. We WERE.  During my meditations, I started to itch. Was it poison oak? Ants? It was Cat Scratch Fever. It was the telepathic oneness with Ted Nugent. I imagined Nugent. I saw him running with the Buffalo, in Neon green Zubaz, free. He pulled out a knife, much like my own, and slit the wild beast throat. He then looked in my minds eye, and nodded to me, and disappeared  in pure white light.  Thank you Zubaz, for the spiritual awakening.
sarcastic Ann always looks like a hooker on the cover of her books.  If you find her attractive, I recommend going to the bookstore and ripping off the cover of the book when no one is looking.  You can hang it on your wall or carry it with you and look longingly at her when you get bored--but save your money and your time....don't bother reading this book.
sarcastic If you're looking to purchase a scary toy that makes vacuum cleaner sucking sounds and plays the most annoying "arcade like" music, then this is for you. We received this as a gift for my son's first birthday - he was honestly scared of this toy for about 2-3 weeks (I think it was the horrible and loud vacuum cleaner sound it makes when you turn it on). I don't see any educational value from this toy and after 2-3 weeks of trying it out, we were all relieved when we decided to retire this to the basement.
sarcastic I ordered one of these Fresh "Whole" Rabbits, but when it arrived its head, fur and insides were missing.  Not exactly whole, I'd say!  Maybe it was just damaged during shipping, but I won't be buying another one.  I mean - without the long ears, how do I know it even WAS a rabbit?  It was the same size and shape as a cat...not that I've seen a cat with its head, fur and insides missing.  I mean, not like really close or anything.  On the plus side, it was delicious with a tall, cold glass of Tuscan Milk, so I give it three stars.  That's three WHOLE stars, BTW.
sarcastic I hear this novel has sold over 6,000,000 copies.  Mr. Brown is no doubt pleased, and loses little sleep over the possibility that in six years no one will be reading his blockbuster.  He has his villa on the Riviera, if he wants it.  I do not wish to disparage his talents.  Suppose you wish to write such a novel and have in mind several characters.  Character A (a handsome American, by the way)is perhaps the world's leading authority on, say, symbolism.  Character B (beautiful by the way) is a brilliant young French cryptologist.  Character C (incredibly wealthy and charming)is an eccentric old English peer who happens to have spent his entire life studying early Christian exotica, including secret societies and the legend of the Holy Grail.  Fate throws them together one dark and stormy night in Europe.  The action is precipitated by character D, a hulking religious albino homicidal maniac who wears a monk's robe and favors barbed wire garters.  He is a (fictitious) postulant in service to Opus Dei (God's work), an arch-conservative semi-secret Catholic sect that is obviously up to no good --desiring, as they do, to crank the wayward church of today back a thousand years or so to when Christians really knew how to suffer. D is not the villain, by the way, and his passion for slaying is excused by the fact that when a kid, other kids teased him about his size and lack of pigmentation.  Okay, now you have four highly original characters, and an opening sequence in which, it turns out, several perfectly nice and distinguished old fellows are murdered by the monk.    Where do you go now?  Well, in this enlightened age, you know how readers love books that moon religion, and especially if the moon-ee is the once venerable but now scandalized Catholic Church.  But you can't just make stuff up, at least not all of it, so you have to do some hard work called research, or hire someone to do it.  What you dig up does not have to be entirely true, as long as it is interesting, especially if it is a little titillating to one's baser instincts.  History being what it is, and humans being who we are, you will discover a number of unsavory truths mixed in with a larger number of equally unsavory untruths, rumors, suspicions, legends, and valid questions.  As a creative person endowed with artistic license, you may crayola some of these tidbits to make them even more delicious, if not salacious. This is called "mining the vein of history."  If you are diligent and blessed with a certain intelligence, you will, out of this stew of possibles, come up with a substory that is so gripping, so bizarre, so full of lust and corruption that few will not want to hear of it.  More work is ahead, for your true genius is revealed in how you plot the story.  When is "fact" X, hinted at or revealed, and by whom or what?  Character A knows much, but not enough; enter character B, to complement A's knowledge.  Even the two are still insufficient (although they are falling in love).  Alas, even the vast erudition of C leaves us wanting.  Read on!  Read on!   Maybe, dear reader, after I don't know how many hundreds of pages, you get tired of the author's continuously advancing carrot and you flip to the final pages to find the final answer.  Then you might wish to turn to another novel about real people in a real world, such as A month in the Country, by J. L. Carr  
sarcastic I suppose my first clue this watch would be a problem is that it came with a manual almost an inch thick. Regardless, I bought this watch primarily for its altimeter. I was attracted to it b/c it uses a solar cell (no battery changes and recalibration every coupel years), and the Atomic time synching. Unfortunately, the altimeter has never worked properly. At about 10,000 feet, it simply bugs out. Casio customer service could not figure it out, and now my watch is gone for the summer, having been returned to Casio for them to try to figure out the problem and repair it.  I originally owed a Suunto. I should have stuck with that brand.
sarcastic The guitar is great! It looks just as great in person as in the picture. Now, if only his singing matched the beauty of the guitar. . .
sarcastic Where do I start?  It used to be that, if you wanted a quality device and didn't mind paying for it, Garmin was the way to go.  Now they've clearly caved to the pressure of less expensive options and are putting out sub-par products.  To demonstrate their desperation, this device now comes with what Garmin calls "coupons" for nearby products.  One of these "coupons" was for a food chain and said merely "Come try our many seafood creations."  That's not a "coupon."  That's an ad.  And, I don't want ads popping up while I'm driving.  Next, in case you want to use your Garmin GPS to (of all things) TRAVEL, you now need to buy a travel case separately.  And, Garmin is more than happy to fill that need for you for and extra $20-30.  Bogus.  Now to the device itself (comparing it to an older model Nuvi).  The battery does not perform as advertised (maybe get 1 hour of nav). The traffic would show green as I was stopped in bumper to bumper (SF Bay Area freeway with plenty of FM Traffic reception).  The touch screen is way off, and the buttons are small to begin with.  You can now more effectively use computer software to put addresses into the device to circumvent the sub-par on-screen input, unless you have a Mac and the software has very limited ability (Google maps has better utility than the Garmin software).  Screen brightness on this device is poor in bright sunlight, made worse by the horrific glare off of the "anti-glare" coating.  The UI is less intuitive than the older device.  For example, the commonly necessary volume adjustment used to be: 1) tap on the power button, 2) tap desired volume level, 3) tap "back."  Now the process is: 1) Tap Menu, 2) tap volume, 3) tap, tap, tap, until you get the bar to the volume level you want, 4) tap done, 5) tap View Map.  Given the quirkiness of the screen, it ends up being more like: 1) tap menu, 2) tap back because it took you to the wrong place, 3) tap menu again, 4) tap volume, 5) tap volume again because it didn't respond, 6) tap back because it went into settings instead of volume, 7) tap "No I don't want to erase everything" because it tapped some mystical "Destructo" button somewhere in a Settings menu that you never meant to navigate to, 8)...  Get the picture? Thank goodness to Amazon customer service that I'm not eating this purchase.  If I'm going to get sub-par construction and quirky UI performance, I'm going to go get it from another brand where at least I'll save some $$$.  Maybe I'll use it to "try many seafood creations."    :)
sarcastic Polk makes great speakers (LSi series), good speakers (RTi series), ok speakers (Monitor series), and mediocre speakers (R series).  But like most speaker manufacturers, their subs are horrible for the money.  Why?  Because they are betting that if you are already buying their speakers, you'll likely want to buy one of their subs too, especially if some slimey and/or ignorant salesperson tells you that you MUST "match" the sub and speakers.    Of course, those of us who know something about audio know that aside from a few rare exceptions (like Magnepan planar speakers which really require a super-quick musical subwoofer) there is ABSOLUTELY NO SUCH THING as "subwoofer-matching"---just get the best-sounding sub you can afford.  The best bang-for-your buck subs are made by the two dominant Internet-direct subwoofer specialists, Hsu and SVS.    This PSW10 is a prime example.  If you are in a small room and listening to jazz or rock music, it's not too bad.  Use it while blasting hip-hop, or watching a special-effects loaded movie like "Jurassic Park" or "Fellowship of the Ring" and you won't even know it's there---it simply does not go low enough nor loud enough (let's not even talk about if it's clean enough) to do the job.  The only worse mass-market subs I've ever heard would be the Sony and Yamaha subs; the Infinity subs are slightly better.  For this price range you can do much better looking at the 12" Dayton subwoofer from partsexpress dot com which goes for under a hundred fifty dollars shipped.
sarcastic I am (as you will read) completely ignorant about car stereo stuff.  I wanted to put this story in here just in case it helps someone else to get their unit working!  I got this for my birthday (off my wish list).  It does pretty much what it says it will do. :)  I wanted HD Radio (I live in Houston) and a way to play ANY OTHER DEVICE through an aux port on the front.  The USB hookup was gravy.    So, I had it installed a couple of days ago.  Worked great, but when my RPM's increased from my engine, a DEFINITE WHINE also came out of the speakers.  I took it back to the shop that installed it.  They came out and hemmed and hawed and said some things about DUAL being a crappy radio and there was nothing they could do.  ... well, they could try a COUPLE of things, maybe. :)  So first they tried these $24 noise filter thingies ($24 for 2).  Those didn't work.  So the main installer guy just kept looking sad for me and I kept looking hopeful.  He tried grounding the radio to the chassis.  That didn't work.  (more sad looking guy, more determinedly hopeful me)  Then he said, "Well, I can try one more thing, but I'm sure this won't work.  It's a &lt;stereoguyterm>... DUAL's too cheap to put them on their radios and I have to cut them off of other radios occasionally... so I've got some of them in the back."  He installed whatever it was on the power supply side (?) and it worked FANTASTIC(ly).  It looked like a little black box and I think was a filter of some sort on the power side.  They didn't charge me anything for the adventure, but obviously should have.  I drive a Toyota Sienna minivan with JBL stuff on my speakers.  Apparently that was important.    Now it works great.  Reception in Houston has been great.  It plays through the line-in Aux port great (I use it with my ipod and creative zen) and USB keys work.  I'm not sure it ever shows the file names it's playing off the USB, which is weird but not worth $100 to upgrade to a better stereo.  So, it works but had quite a bit of fiddling to make it go.  It's great for the $.  I have fairly low standards... I only listen to audiobooks, podcasts, NPR, etc.  So I have no idea what the audiophiles would think.     (and, for the snarky, YES, there was a sale on the word "great" today.)
sarcastic I bought this mobo from Amazon, afte buying the same month the DG31PR Classic for my wife. I spected to be a little more advance, bad choice. After I install my new PC, the 2do. day of use, the LAN failed. So I had to buy another network card to be able to connect to internet and post this review to alert others!   The second issue I hate is (and I'm really trying to understand Intel), Why does this mobo has to beep twice at startup? So one can see it's all ok? Who gives a damn. BEEP when something IT'S Wrong!! The DG31PR doesn't do it and works great!  For last, don't waste your money, buy a DG31PR is less cost and better performance. AND IT DOESN'T BEEP!
sarcastic I am the CEO of a fortune 500 company. Every day I wear the Wolf Sunset shirt underneath my power suit. It's my little secret. It gives me the confidence I need during shareholder meetings and tough negotiations with our Japanese suppliers. Let me tell you, that Yamaguchi is real hardass, and there's no way I would have gotten that price on transistors if I hadn't been infused with both of natures two most powerful sources of energy: the sun and wolves. Incidentally, solar power is fine but if Al Gore wants to be taken seriously he should be out there promoting lupine power.  But I digress:  the important thing is, business is 10% inspiration, 90% perspiration, and 100% wolf sunset shirtspiration. Also, the cotton feels really good gainst my nipples.
sarcastic Gentlemen if you are looking to experience the pains of a child's birth from a woman's perspective this is the product for you. Never again.
sarcastic William Hurt cannot read.  At all.  The cadence, inflection, and emotion of Hurt's reading are inappropriate in almost every circumstance, and the accents he attempts are laughable.  I pity the first-time audio listener who might mistakenly pick up this lamentable reading and be turned off audiobooks altogether.  There should be a warning label, "Danger, listening to William Hurt's reading of "The Sun Also Rises" is known to nauseate expectant listeners".    On the brighter side, I have listened to many other wonderful readings of Hemingway's works including "True at First Light" read by Brian Dennehy and "A Farewell to Arms" read by John Slattery.  Do yourself a favor and listen to a different reader.
sarcastic Toast wallet, sez I, thinking, kewl, now I can pocket my breakfast in a handy wallet and pull it out along with a few bills to buy a Mickey Dee Latte. Breakfast? Done and done.   But no...this is a stupid rubber wallet that looks like TOAST. Oh, How Funny. I go to pull out a credit card and baffle hapless clerks with my novely wallet. Oh! Do not pay me with toast, sir, says the pimply-faced teenager with the cracking voice but Ahah! It is not toast, it is my wallet, you moron!   Why they don't offer one with rubber bacon, I'll never understand.
sarcastic Hey kids!  If you're looking for music that's as satisfying and refreshing as a frozen sugar cube, deeper than a pool that's a foot deep and more exciting than watching paint dry, look no further than Rihanna's album, A Girl Like Me!  Listen to her wonderful studio-altered, digitally processed voice!  Gasp at the thought-provoking lyrics about needing to be rescued, falling in love and wanting to make love all night long!  Marvel at the synths, bleeps and squiggly sound effects that represent real reggae!  Forget no-good corporate hacks like Bob Marley, Peter Tosh, Dennis Brown, Damian Marley, I Wayne and Sizzla, because Rihanna is the real deal and she wants you, boys!  What an astounding, brilliant, masterfully crafted work of perfection!  I like music, and I like Rihanna!  She's just as brilliant as amazing artists like Britney Spears, Good Charlotte and Simple Plan!  They should all tour together, how great would that be? ...  ... Alright, enough already.  I can't keep this facade up any longer.  That was just me channeling one of those incredibly enthusiastic, overzealous Rihanna marks that think she's the greatest thing since sliced bread.  I wholeheartedly beg to differ.  While her work ethic is to be commended somewhat (second album in 8 or 9 months, but all she contributes is her weak vocals), A Girl Like Me is just another example of what's gone so horrible wrong with the music industry - the fact that labels still insist on pushing shallow disposable rubbish on everyone.  Essentially what is wrong with this album is presented in the first paragraph as backhanded compliments.   On top of this, the fact that Rihanna is just another Beyonce wannabe (who herself is a Diana Ross wannabe) just makes matters worse - the overuse of melismas on this album is enough to drive any sane person mad.  But what makes this album a special type of awful is the fact that it is being marketed as reggae.  Now, there's some people that feel that modern reggae artists (such as Elephant Man, Sean Paul, even Matisyahu) don't hold a candle to the originators (like Marley and Tosh), but I have grown to enjoy it and recognize it as the evolution of the genre.  However, Rihanna is as close to reggae as a band like Fall Out Boy is to punk - in other words, the term reggae must be used VERY loosely.  An occasional Caribbean drum flourish and use of the dialect does not a reggae song make.  This is much closer to a hybrid of Beyonce and Britney Spears, right down to keeping the barely legal Rihanna's wardrobe budget low by having her prance around in only the skimpiest of outfits.  I can just imagine these comments from the director at one of her video shoots: "Hey, Rihanna, what are you doing out here in your underwear?  Didn't that outfit that we ordered arrive yet?  What's that?  The record label wouldn't front the money to cover the cost of the wardrobe?  Oh well, I guess we'll shoot anyway.  One thing is certain: The teenage boys will love this video.".  In summary: A Girl Like Me is only worth checking out if you can't get enough of banal, vacuous pop garbage.  This is not reggae, ska, soca, etc.  It's bubblegum pop, and it's a style that has run its course and is becoming very irritating.  It's easy to market, and that's why MTV is playing the video every 10 minutes.  Speaking of the single, it's really just juvenile lyrics buttressed by the melody of Soft Cell's version of "Tainted Love" - nothing special at all.  The rest of the album is equally shallow pop with only a slight Caribbean influence, bookended by remixes of songs from Rihanna's last album.  I urge you to look past MTV and "hit music" stations to find better music, reggae or otherwise.
sarcastic I like good design, lots of features and industrial strength, so when I saw this "full-featured" elegant processor with extras well under $... new, I brought it home and tested it with my favorite Italian batter bread recipe from Bernard Clayton's authoritative bread book. This bread takes 35 minutes of kneading with my powerful Kenwood Major mixer, but the Kenwood mixer walks around the counter as it slams the doughball, so I looked forward to Clayton's 7-minute Cuisinart kneading time.  The light batter lifted up the blade and allowed seepage all around the bowl before I reached 2/3 of the claimed 6-cups of flour capacity.  It looked like "the blob" was back and about to eat Seattle.  Customer service operator at Cuisinart left me on hold for 10 minutes while she "went to get a blade," then disconnected me.  Second half-hour call got me an operator who wouldn't hang up.  She got the blade, confirmed that it does not "snap in place" as the first operator claimed,told me I had to use only Cuisinart bread recipes.  This machine is only 570 watts  -- info missing on the box -- and mine stopped with only 5 cups of flour and 2 cups of water -- well under the 6-cups of flour claimed capacity. Clayton offers adjusted recipes for food processors, but apparently he hadn't tested this "gem."  If you want to do various breads, forget the Cuisinart 2011.  If you want to cool your heels while your incompletely mixed bread is rising, try Cuisinart's 800 number. Your wish will be granted, but your bread, it will not be so good.
sarcastic *Clears throat* Ok...   LAIK AMIGAWD WHEN I FIRST PUT ON THIS SHIRT I WON TEH LOTTERY DEN GOT FREE PIZZA FAW LIFE DEN I GOT ALL LIEK SUCSESSFUL WIT TEH WIMMINZ I NEVER TAKE THIS THING OFF LAWLZ CHUCK NORRIS CAME TO MY HAOUS TA CONGRATULATE ME CUZ I BR KEWL NAO JOIN THE PACK IT GOES GREAT WITH WHOLE MILK LAWLZ XD!!!!!!!
sarcastic After so much hype and all of the special DVD releases, I have been wanting to watch this movie for a long, long time.   But to say that I was bitterly bored and disappointed once I finally managed to see it, would be a massive understatement.    This movie was boring, predictable and long and at the end of it, all I could think about was that I had wasted $8 of my hard earned money on this rubbish, but more importantly, those were 2 hours that I'll never ever get back again.  I was looking for a little bit of entertainment on a quiet Winter's Sunday,  I wasn't looking for a sleeping aid.   Though if you are having trouble getting a good nights sleep, then this movie may solve all of your problems.  There are a lot of bad movies out there, but I think I hate this one just a little bit more than any other.  
sarcastic If you are the sort of person who thinks it rains because you are in a bad mood, and not the other way round, this book might be for you.  If you are the sort of person who thinks the sun orbits the earth, this book might be for you.  If you think the earth revolves around you, this book is probably for you.  Thought experiment: I know the secret. You know the secret. We both want to win the race. Who gets it? If said whoever wanted it more, you probably already read this stupid, stupid book for stupid, stupid people.
sarcastic Paul Blart is a mall cop and although he's clumsy at times, he's definitely not a loser. He's an inspiration for security "officers" everywhere. As the drama unfolds, we see that Blart doesn't get the respect he deserves from anyone in the movie. Several times I had to wipe the tears from my eyes as I watched the film.  Kevin James is a highly underrated actor in the mold of William Shatner as well as being an hilarious comedian. His role in "Mall Cop" is similar to Jackie Gleason's in "Smokey and the Bandit". If you don't like this movie, you probably hate weight challenged people, and if you hate them, you most likely hate America.
sarcastic Picked this up to read on the beach. My criteria in this genre is that it has to entertain me while I work on my tan. Even horrible books fulfill this, if they manage to get me to turn the pages. In a way, Cocktails for Three managed this feat as well, as I was turning each page waiting for one of the three women to exhibit some form of development. Nada. It was really a disaster of a book in this case. Over 300 pages, it is nice to see a character grow. Instead, everything wrapped up and we were really no different off than we were on page one.  Let's start with Roxanne. She was agonizing over how much longer she wanted to be "the other woman" in her long time affair with a married man. In the end, it was over because he was dying and wanted to live out his days with his wife. Not because Roxanne got some self esteem and realized that she deserved more. Not because she got any moral pangs about what she was doing. It just ended in the most contrived way possible. What did Roxanne learn from the situation? Instead, she's going to be mourning for the lover that she thought was dumping her, but was really just dying instead. I feel bad for the next in line of her relationships, because she's going to have a load of issues. Luckily, for you men out there, she's fictional.  Candice. I just didn't get her. The whole plot with her getting taken advantage of and screwed over by a girl seeking revenge was actually one of the better parts of this book. You knew the girl was up to something right away, but it was fun watching it play out. What I really hated about Candice were the constant anti-capitalism/consumer remarks she made throughout the whole book. Things along the line of whining to her neighbor that he shouldn't be taking a paid leave of absence from work when there are people unemployed, or that he should sell his house out in the country because some people are homeless. Where was that attitude when she was hanging out with her friend Maggie, who had a 20 acre estate? Or when the girls were out at the very posh Manhattan Bar, ordering drinks that probably were 8 quid a piece or something outrageous? And finally, if the author wanted us to believe that Candice had this selfless attitude where she wanted to help everyone, having her fall for neighbor AFTER she found out he drove an expensive car and was wealthy isn't a way to reinforce her supposed lack of materialism. It's almost as if some of these things were thrown in as an afterthought.  And finally, there is Maggie. As a career woman, I can understand the lack of desire to be a stay-at-home mom. However, I don't think I can emphazize with the character. Maybe, if we were just once shown that Maggie had any feelings of love towards her own child, I could relate. But all of her struggles were her own doing because she was afraid of perception. She wasn't ever worried that she wasn't doing enough for her daughter, but rather that people would think she wasn't such a superwoman afterall. Yes, Maggie. You probably are better off in the office. I disliked the way she just announced to her husband that they were moving back to London. Great communication there, hun. After moaning about how you never agreed with the choice in the first place, maybe you would have treated your husband with the respect you wish you had been treated with. Nope. Instead she does him just like he did her. There really was no maturity with this woman. And I want to pretend that I didn't read the page where she was really judgemental of the other neighborhood mom, calling her a "stepford mum". It's so obnoxious when women in powerful positions have no other way to enjoy that power than by letting the world know that she is better than another woman who did not choose her path.  OK, so I'm a little bit annoyed by a Sunday afternoon beach read. But for my $11 and 300 pages, I do expect just a little bit of actual writing ability. I will not be sampling any of the shopoholic series. 
sarcastic Before you can actually use this product you first must accustom your pet to the PediPaws. Unless he or she is in a coma, your pet will absolutely despise the sound and vibration of it. Don't let that deter you! As the caring, dedicated pet owner that you are, you will persevere!   After one very long week, I learned that Sophie the dog is more patient than stubborn, and grudgingly learned to "put up" with the tool. However, Fuzzy the cat refused to do the same--he saw no need to suffer fools gladly.  The experience revealed two major drawbacks with the PediPaws: It files the nail in miniscule amounts at a time and can only be used in bursts of 7 seconds or so. (If used longer, the heat generated through friction could injure your pet.) If your dog's nails are overlong, this project could take you days---maybe weeks. Even if the nails were recently trimmed, you will have to constantly file them to maintain that length.  If you and your pet are extraordinarily patient, you would probably not even worry about purchasing this product, but you might enjoy the challenge of using it nonetheless. If you find it hard to resist a new gadget or power tool, I recommend buying the complete Dremel Drill Tool Set. That way, when you abandon using it to file nails, you will be able to find less dubious uses for it.  As for myself, I intend to keep it and, during evenings while watching TV, I will file my own nails. It is my hope that its sound, vibration and heat will remind me to never again purchase anything that is: "As Seen On TV." 
sarcastic I woke up today to someone knocking loudly on my front door, which pissed me off cause it was way too early for that noise. I answered it, seeing the mail carrier standing there very nervously. She handed me a white plastic package and described how something had told her to hand deliver this bag to me, that it was "too important to leave out in the mailbox." I could feel my face flush and warm sweat rise from my palms as I greedily tore into my morning surprise.  And there it was: My Wolf Flag Tshirt. I was so overcome with emotion I didn't know what to do first - should I christen it? Salute it? What to do.. Of course I decided to immediately tear off my whiskey-stained wife beater and slap this bad boy on my back.  I felt a wave of empowerment wash over me as I stared down at the shy mailwoman who could do nothing more than gasp at the spectacle before her. It was incredible. I would describe the feeling as being somewhat akin to banging three strippers in a jacuzzi full of hundred dollar bills and liquid ecstasy. Which I fully plan on doing now that I have this shirt.  Needless to say, me and the mail bitch boned right there on my sidewalk, for the whole neighborhood to see, for hours. STOP being a pussy and order your own Wolf Flag Tshirt. If this shirt doesn't get you laid within 4 hours of wearing it you're probably an asthmatic or have downs syndrome.
sarcastic 0 of 69 people will find this review helpful.  To begin, I have listened to every Radiohead album.  I would call many of them masterpieces and even indulge in the Reggae Tribute to Radiohead.  But, this CD...it's self indulgent woo is me and made me realize that Thom Yorke's style served as a template for boredom in music.  I had just purchased a new stereo and thought a modern CD would be a good way to showcase the music.  I was wrong, like that $20.00 lottery ticket that loses same concept.  This is a band that you never hear anything negative about and any album they release will be praised to the heavens.  Good for them, but after buying every Radiohead cd thus far and just selling the majority of them later on..... 5 star reviews I'm not falling for them anymore.  I think perhaps this music is so ahead of its time I just don't get it.  Upon listening the music drones and the lyrics sound like teen angst high school woe is me poetry.  Radiohead you are not taking my money anymore.  I will always listen to the Talking Heads song "Radiohead" and think wow this song inspired a band to rip me off and keep coming back for more.  Brilliant artwork, brilliant album title but there ain't no Leprachauns or Rainbows here.  No pot of gold either.  The sublimity of Radio head though is I could say its sad that people flock to each new release by positive reviews and not give other new artists a try but, thats not radioheads fault they sell the cd for any price on their website.  The purpose of this review is if you like artists like VNV Nation, Cocorosie, Antony and the Johnsons, Sparks, Pulp, Nico, Leonard Cohen, Nick Cave, Morrissey, T Rex...then go buy or try a different band.  Don't waste any of your money on Radiohead.  Go buy a $20.00 scratch off ticket instead then you might find yourself in a rainbow rather than this sewer of a CD.  Don't Buy it Now.  Don't even buy the mint used copy I have up for sale.  Save your money.
sarcastic Why I ever bought this mop is still a mystery to me.  First, I bought a Shark vacuum cleaner and it lasted less than a year and received no cooperation from the company. After that, I bought a Shark steam iron and it lasted about 4 months and I was told to send it back for repair and then they would return it. Of course, I had to pay postage both ways and the cost of the repair or replacement. So, I tried one more time with this mop (I know, I need therapy.) and 4 uses later it stopped. After I sign off, I will look up a number for 'Shark Anonymous' in my phone book.
sarcastic I purchased a UFO-01 a while back and I must say, it had served me well.  I personally think that it wards off aliens, as it has not uttered a peep in the last thirty years.  A couple months ago, the 9-volt battery in my UFO-01 detector leaked lithium all over the device.  Imagine how disappointed I was!  Anyways, I figured that it was probably time for a new detector.  I noticed that Image SI had come out with an updated version of the UFO-01 for the same price, so I decided to upgrade.  My main concern in purchasing was the lack of Alien-prevention technology, which is standard in many comparable devices, in the UFO-02.  But as I learned in school, first is the worst and second is the best so I took the plunge.  Plus, it is only $150, a relative bargain as anyone who knows anything about alien detecting can tell you.  Setup and installation was a breeze.  I put it up on my roof for optimal alien-detecting and promptly felt reassured that I could once again tell when aliens were finally coming to our fair planet.  However, the very first night, the built in LED started flashing and a loud, persistent beeping awoke my entire neighborhood.  I, of course, recognized that aliens were coming and grabbed my katana from under my pillow.  No aliens were going to anally probe me.  But after extensive searching around my entire town, disguised as a lamppost, I found no traces of aliens anywhere.  I can only conclude that the UFO-02 must have sent out a false alarm.  I am fairly unhappy about this as my UFO-01 had never even once sounded a false alarm.  Also, my neighbors are fairly unhappy with me, even though I was simply acting in their best interests when I razed their houses in search of aliens.  I had viewed Image SI as a manufacturer of quality equipment but obviously that perception must be re-evaluated.  Additionally, I had to climb back onto my roof to turn off the device, and the battery ran out within three days.  Those 9V lithium batteries aren't cheap, you know, and Image SI doesn't even include one with the product.  I intend to write an angry letter to the company.
sarcastic Apparantly my first review was censored by Amazon, so here goes again.  This movie is, by far, the worst film i've ever tried to watch.  I say 'tried' because after two separate attempts I couldnt bear to watch more than half of the film.  This is coming from someone who gave Eraserhead 5 stars, so take this as a very bad sign.  Long story short, Andre is self-absorbed and does nothing but talk endlessly about insignificant, flaky, artsy stuff.  For example, imagine the most self-important Art major you've ever met talking about how hot-gluing scraps of trash to a canvas represents the struggle a ham sandwich about to be eaten.  Or anything completely nonsensical such as that, that is the level of conversation these men have in this film.  I watched this movie because it was compared to a scene in Linklater's Waking Life (which was intelligent and thought-provoking).  IF you pay the absurd amount of money they are asking for this DVD, there is something wrong with you.
sarcastic When I say useless, I mean "unable to be used" not "has some quirky features I don't like"  It started out OK, but after about a month, it is broken.  The problems started when I loaded about 1GB of music onto it.  I had 2 playlists, each with about 500MB of music.  The music would play fine, but switching playlists would take about 2 minutes.  That's right, with a flash player (ie. no moving parts), it would take a full 2 minutes for it to start playing a song when I changed playlists.  I don't know if it was due to number of songs per list or anything like that.  All I know is that it was totally annoying and completely ridiculous.  When I got sick of it and looked on Sansa's website, I noticed they had a firmware upgrade.  So, hoping it was a bug that had been fixed, I ran their firmware updater.  IT CRASHED!!  My jaw nearly hit the floor when the updater crashed.  For those that don't know, an aborted firmware update is the equivalent of a lobotomy for an electronic device.  For what it's worth, the player worked for another day, but then just quit after that.  I plugged it into the computer to sync some music, and it was not recognized.  So, I unhooked it and replaced the battery, hoping to clear whatever snafu was happening.  Since that (1/2 hour ago), I've been staring at the Sansa bootup screen, hoping against all hope that it will eventually spring to life.  I wanted a good quality, non-iPod mp3 player.  Simple, easy, and inexpensive.  The m250 is none of these, considering that you'll end up throwing it in the trash and buying something else.  Save yourself the trouble and get something worthwhile.
sarcastic So, you think you're reppin' 2 the maxx'? Yeah, right, poser. You can't hang with us. Not until you get your domepiece some TURBO FUEL MAXIMUM ENERGY SODA!!!! and take it to the next level. TURBO FUEL MAXIMUM ENERGY SODA!!!! gives you that extra edge to fully get in the man's face and totally gnar out. S-boarding up at Mt. Hood? Trippin' on a Whipple Dip? Touring world-class bong shops? Not without my TURBO FUEL MAXIMUM ENERGY SODA!!!!, bro. If you're not pounding massive TURBO FUEL MAXIMUM ENERGY SODA!!!!, get from out my face, yo.   
sarcastic SO GLAD this product is low calorie!  After all, my Fifi Trixiebelle has a hell of a time keeping her girlish figure on those regular ole' high calorie dog beers.
sarcastic Austen's supposed satire of the gothic novel is tangled up with what would have been the finest fluff of effeminate fiction -- had anyone else written it.  Austen, however, cannot resist sinking her sharp little claws into  naivete, romance, and (of course, this IS Jane Austen) men.  I will say, it  is the only book of hers that I have ever been able to finish. No one  would want to be quite as stupid as poor Catherine, but we've all been  naive.  Personally, I envy Catherine the ability to be so pure and trusting  with the object of her affection -- as jaded and overeducated a modern  woman as I am, I find myself reading the story with no feeling so strong as  a wish that (after closely and cynically examining him) I could meet a man  with whom I felt free to admire his perfections and flaws as the finest in  the world!  (I'm sure there's one out there.)  I'm sure Miss Austen would  find this proof that I am as contemptibly stupid as Catherine, but when we  kill our inner innocent completely, then we have made life unworth living,  and I pity all the people with whom we live and work. The book would be  much better if it didn't dawdle with condemning feminine sweetness &amp;  innocence &amp; male behavior's apparently universal (to Austen)  unacceptability, particularly in tarring them all with the same brush.  It  would be far better if bereft of the perfunctorily &quot;happy ending&quot;  which is treated in such a way that love and marriage wind up reeking of as  much of Austen's contempt to at least the same degree as Mrs. Radcliffe's  literary crimes. If you want to see this story the way it should be, the  way it's funny, check out the movie (an episode of Masterpiece Theater).   If you want to slurp latte in a windowless cafe and paint your nails black,  buy the whole Jane Austen collection!
sarcastic I was searching for clothes that speak to me.. These pants not only spoke to me, they entered my soul and transformed me.  When I get out of my bitchin 78 camaro wearing these bad boys, there's no question who the boss man is..      You can easily go commando in these and feel even more manly.  Your junk swings freely and using the restroom is that much easier..  Accessories to consider: Flannel shirt with the sleeves cut off.  The "don't mess with me" look. flip flops - The casual "I'm too lazy to get fully dressed" look. baseball helmet with two beer can holders on the sides. Ball cap worn backwards or to the side. You know I'm coooool.      These pants will get the ladies.  There are many many places these can be worn to attract the female species: Tractor pull Walmart NASCAR events Your local neighborhood crack houses.  The drug rehab rec room Any place in the state of IOWA.  I recommend buying multiple pairs. Keep an extra pair in the trunk of your car.. You never know where you will wake up in the morning but you will always have a clean pair of these bad boys with you..
sarcastic Zzzzz... yet another movie with terrific CGI, a garbled plot, no human emotional connection, and a mixed bag of awful to above average acting.  I actually started to fall asleep at various points in this movie....  One's senses are not quite as assaulted as with "Transformers - Revenge of the Fallen", but this movie falls into that same class of an action movie hyped mainly for its special effects and yet unable to hold our attention just on that basis.  Yes, there was a time, back in the days of "Jurassic Park", when merely seeing this awe-inspiring CGI onscreen was enough to keep a moviegoer awake, but no more.  Nowadays, terrific CGI is so ubiquitous that it is easy to be blase about seeing it onscreen;  the CGI nowadays is just part of a movie's landscape, like the potted plants and furniture.    Enough, my eyes and ears tell me, so what if the Kraken/Medusa/Giant Crab/Monster Du Jour is attacking - do I care enough about the characters and plot that it means anything?  Without that essential emotional connection to the story and characters, watching massive quantities of CGI is just as sleep inducing as watching potted plants grow.   Sam Worthington is in this movie, which might be enough to keep his fans awake, but I am baffled at how he has managed to become a mega-movie star in such a short time.  A published critical review of his performance said that his CGI "Avatar" character had more facial expressions than he did in this movie.  Another said that his acting was so wooden that it belonged in the lumbar section of the Home Depot.    Mads Mikkelsen was one of the few actors to squeeze a capable performance out of this movie, as Draco, the co-leader of Perseus's merry band of monster-chow.  Kudos to him for managing to retain his dignity, much more than Liam Neeson or Ralph Fiennes were able to do in this movie.  The presence of these two stars bring to mind the latter days of Sir Laurence Olivier, who was willing to appear in almost any bad movie as long as they paid his fee.  I would love to know just what was going through Liam Neeson's mind as he was walking around in that silly mirror-polished suit of armor and scraggly beard.  Come to think of it, he did once do both in "Excaliber"... so maybe that's what he was thinking.  Ralph Fiennes - has playing one of the most effective evil Nazis of all time onscreen ("Schindler's List") made him a lock for all the blockbuster Evil Bad Guy roles in Hollywood?  Take the money and run, is what seems to be going on here.   One interesting visual effect of this movie was that all of the males were tanned a dark shade of bronze, whereas the two main female characters were left strikingly pale, which made me think that in the time of the Ancient Greeks,  men and women were of different races.  Or, perhaps the women were just locked up indoors all the time.  Both women were cute and did a decent job in their roles, but the shag rug carpet  which Io wore in her last scenes made me want to burst out laughing.  Poor Gemma Arterton.  Yes, the costume designer for this movie was beyond horrible.  I could go on and on about the horrible costuming.    Even worse, the Continuity Director must have been on drugs during the entire shoot.  Or maybe it was just really bad film editing, combined with a fractured screenplay.  Did anybody else notice the beautiful shot of sunlight breaking through the clouds....... during the total eclipse?  Right, it does get awfully dark during a total eclipse, and that entire Kraken vs. Argos scene (with Alexa Davalos getting strung up as Kraken food) should have been in the dark, or twilight.    But then, almost nothing made sense in this movie.  The initial entry into the palace of the King of Argos - was it a festival or something?  What was with all the music and dancing girls?  Perseus and his group journey into Hades - Charon is mentioned, but barely seen - not enough left in the budget for a better Charon?  Then, having crossed the River Styx, they are not in Hades, but in Medusa's lair.  WTF?  And when Perseus comes out, he is seen exiting a cave.  What happened to recrossing the River Styx?    More questions - Why is Pegasus black?  What happened to Calibos's hand? (an interesting teaser, watching his hand come back to life... and then nothing).  Why is it mentioned that Medusa can only turn men to stone, not women, and then the Kraken gets turned to stone when it sees the Medusa head? Does the Medusa head turn fish and crustaceans to stone also?  How about insects?  And oh dear me, WHY IS MEDUSA WEARING A BLACK BRA?  Imagine putting a bra on your pet snake, yes that's what that looked like.  And of course, one cannot go through the list of what's totally bad in this movie without mentioning the obligatory Hollywood caricature of the Extremist Religionist, who is stuck into this movie like a sore thumb.  He appears as this skinny bare chested guy with mascara eyeliner shrieking in a British accent about offering up Andromeda as a sacrifice.  In between trying to stay awake, I could only groan and sigh "Not again" at the grating appearance of this character....  There were lots of things like that which made me want to close my eyes during this movie...  
sarcastic If you pay $250 for this blender you need your head examined.  It's bulky, heavy and does the exact same thing as any $25 WalMart blender.
sarcastic One was having a particularly difficult time getting out of bed early this morning.  One was having anguished thoughs about one's job at the massage parlor, particularly the difficulty in keeping one's kimono clean.  One called in sick and went back to bed, when, &quot;ding dong&quot;  the doorbell rang, and the magnum opus of Mr Robert Louis Stevenson's imagination arrived courtesy of Fed Ex!  One finally got out of bed, signed for the package, watched the five-o-clock news, and &lt;tingling&gt; with anticipation, put the DVD into the player. One was not disappointed. One imagines that Mr Hasshoffler was exactly what Mr RL Stevenson originally envisioned when the worthy scribe first started mixing lanadaum with opium and &lt;dreamed&gt; up this this towering paragon of munificent masuclinity and bountiful hair that is Mr Hyde.  One belives that it has taken all this time to find the &lt;perfect&gt; actor to play this towering pillar of manhood.  Who else could carry all that rage and potential virility through an entire 2 hour musical?  Who else but out very own Mr Hassassoffler?  One imagines that &quot;Knight Rider&quot; and &quot;Baywatch&quot; existed for the sole purpose of training and preparing our own Mr Hassloft for the role of both his and Our's lifetimes.   One feels quite refreshed.  One is prepared to go to work now. One also recommends the &quot;Looking For&quot; album by Mr Hasselhop.  The 6th track, &quot;Hot Shot City&quot; is particularly good.
sarcastic If you are a rich woman sitting at home with nothing else to do but analyze your pregnancy bit by bit and rant about it all.....then you should read this! Because that's this book is all about! It can be actually scary for first time pregnant women who read this. God knows how it came to the Best Seller list.
sarcastic Don't get me wrong.  I have to give Al credit for selling a book just by a clever title.  His book on Rush Limbaugh, though now inaccurate due to Limbaugh's weight loss, grabbed attention just by its sheer rudeness.     Now he takes on the entire right wing with his new book.  I mean, really, is it any big secret that politicians are lying to us?  Franken's real problem is that he paints just as broadly as those he attempts to indict.  The mark of a great political satirist (and there aren't many) is to point out the folly of our leaders/public figures without making us hate you while you do it.  Here Franken utterly fails.     It's a real shame, however, because he's a bright guy.  He has, unfortunately, been brainwashed by his long relationship with academia and the entertainment business.  His prose, while sometimes attempting humor, always contains that sharp edge of liberal elitism that seems to imply that you are stupid if you don't agree with his opinion.  Save your money, and invest in a library card to check-up on our leaders yourself, instead of depending on a partisan who may need checking-up on himself.
sarcastic First, the audio narrator was UNBEARABLE...She had a small s-lisp that kept jerking me out of the story--which was bad enough without the constant interruption. She gave the main character a sickly sing-song voice and put a STRONG inflection on the last word of each of her sentences. It was maddening! On top of that she talked obnoxious baby-talk to the dogs--Ugh! The hero's charactor was so flat and unemotional while every other character came through like a small child trying to do voices...cringe-worthy.   Secondly, THE STORY STUNK! It was a boring manual on dog training with a few moments of babbling dialogue about NOTHING. The heroine/hero were bland and rude respectively and together they were totally forgettable. The serial killer was stuck in here and there like an afterthought. The ending was just as unimpressive. I'd rather listen to nails scraped down a chalkboard than have to endure this book again.
sarcastic I wish someone at Amazon would have kissed me first just to get me a little excited first! this guitar is untunable all six strings buzz out from the nut to the 12th fret it was supposed to include a digital tuner I didn't get one the amp does nothing but buzz (Oh wait that's the distortion, huh? THAT'S THE DISTORTION?) stay as far away from this one as possible I'd return it but I can't afford to ship it back I don't have the cash so I'm stuck with it! I repeat do not buy this guitar pack from anyone!
sarcastic I've really loved all the previous Jenny Cain mysteries by Nancy Pickard (with the exception of BUM STEER, which wandered all the way across the country from the New England setting).  Nearly all are witty, wise and well-written, satisfying all three of the "Important W's" of popular fiction.  In all the other Jenny Cain novels, even BUM STEER, the plotting is tight, the characters plausible, and although clues are dropped along the way, the conclusions aren't easy for a reader to figure out.   TWILIGHT's chief problem is that it's a clumsy mystery. Even the characterization seems weak in this book, and Jenny is by no means at her interesting, clever best. Even distracted by the Autumn Festival, how could she have misinterpreted Bill's odd behavior and remarks as "funny" when readers immediately know that something is wrong with his perception of reality?   And the main plot -- the hazards of an urban hiking trial crossing a road for vehicles -- makes a mountain out of a molehill.  It's unworthy of Ms. Pickard's doubtless gifts as a writer, since the persons who should have been consulted on the issue of road safety apparently never were when the trail was created -- namely, state, county, and insurance safety engineers.  My father was a safety engineer, who would have taken about one afternoon to recommend answers to the hazards of that fatal road crossing.  There must be quite a few safety specialists in Massachusetts since, when I lived in New England back in the 60s, there were plenty of road signs. There were also hiking trails, many of which crossed paved roads.  Didn't Nancy Pickard ever hear of multiple signs warning of pedestrian crossings?  Of blinking red lights?  Ordinary stop signs at the bottom of the grade, on both sides of the trail, would have prevented every one of the fatalities caused by the carelessness of a person who seemed not to wander from his own yard and driveway.   Look, I live in Philadelphia.  We have a long woodsy hiking trail winding along a scenic creek with urban neighborhoods on either side. Going from the Chestnut Hill neighbohood to the Andorra neighborhood, a heavily trafficked road crosses this trail -- and vice-versa.  This crossing is protected by stop signs, and elswehere by traffic overpasses.  Urban trails are, of course, inherently somewhat unsafe.  The trails in Philly are sometimes stalked by muggers and rapists, but if any hiker has been killed by a vehicle in the seven years I've lived in Philly I've never heard of it. I'm sorry that the Jenny Cain series is at an end, but perhaps Ms. Pickard realized that something went wrong with this book.  I just wish Jenny had gone out like a lioness.
sarcastic I have been with T-Mobile for years and they havent had the best phones. I'm coming from a iphone on tmobile service, so when this phone came out I figured this would be better. NOT at all!   During the first week the phone started freezing terribly, unlike the iphone it takes forever and a day to charge up, the marketplace sucks, the apps are very expensive, the keyboard is stupid and very sensitive which is a problem for me because I'm a fast typer. Sometimes the phone still shows im on a phone call for hours and when im not, and it's not connecting to the mircosoft exchange server for my email. Now the exchange server log in screen pops up every 5-10 mins. Even though the camera has 5 mega-pixels, the photos still are very grainy and not that clear.   I soooooo regret purchasing this phone, and because I've passed my exchanged period (14 days from purchase), my only option now is to sell it.
sarcastic Today is Valentine's Day and I hoped that a little splash of this would drive my lady wild.  But alas... I sleep alone again.  Also I keep hearing all this howling outside my bedroom.
sarcastic This battery did not work in my old Uniden 2.4Ghz cordless phone.  I charged it for well over 28 hours, nothing.  Worthless Chinese made garbage.
sarcastic But if not, you'll be bored silly by this book. I know I was. I've rarely stopped reading a book before reaching the end, but I was sooo close with this one. The only reason I kept reading was because of all the 5 star ratings I saw here. I thought, surely, it must get better. It has to! I was waiting for all the 'laugh out loud' moments that everyone was talking about but they never appeared. My advice: if you're not laughing away midway through, abandon ship! It doesn't get any better. In fact it gets worse.  To be honest, I tend to read more serious stuff. I've read a couple really great 'chick lit' books but this one really falls short.  I picked it up at the library  in search of a quick light read. I didn't find it such a quick read because I just couldn't get into it. And yes, it's light but really dull and well, for me anyway, boring.  Where do I start with what I disliked about this book? The characters are flimsy caricatures -- completely unbelievable and they're all so irritatingly thick. The dialogue never really goes anywhere. Emma has this completely irritating habit of starting every other sentence with "er, uh, um...." Whatever laughs there are are so belaboured that they're just not funny anymore. For instance, the big scene where Jack spews all of Emma's secrets & her colleagues respond in shock to every single darned one goes on for some 4 pages ('You're really a size  6?' 'You have a  Barbie bedspread?' 'You hate crochet?' bla bla bla...) Boy, funny stuff. You already know what all of them are anyway, so there's just no sense of suspense or tension. And in general, you know what's going to happen ages before it does, so as I was reading I kept thinking 'oh come on, get on with it already!' I found the writing style just plain flat and uninspiring. There's just no depth of any kind. Worst of all, the plot line is so contrived.  I completely get why Emma would think she was 'madly' in love with Jack after just a couple dates but what's Jack's deal? Are we really supposed to believe that some multi-millionaire CEO would fall in love with this ditzy, dim junior employee who is easily what, 20 years his junior? Riiiight. And Jack's 'big secret'? Now THAT made me laugh because it was just soo silly! And the sappy ending? Yuck!  Sorry, I just could not recommend this one unless you were shipwrecked on an deserted island with absolutely positively nothing else to do and even then, maybe not. I truly am baffled by all the rave reviews here. It reads more like a teen novel than something for adults --  very, very, very sophmoric. Anyway, you get the point. I really didn't like it.   I would, however, like to recommend 2 other chick lit books that surpass this one by miles. The Other Side of the  Story by Marian Keyes is an incredibly witty, smart, sparkly, genuine laugh-out-loud book. I couldn't  put it down and although it's long, I was disappointed when I was done because I wanted more. Girl's Poker Night by Jill Davis is another very funny, very bright book. Both of these books are everything I think this one hoped to be.
sarcastic Presidents (and those aspiring) these days cannot live as real people. Like the Gods of Greek legend, they have to live in a mythology of their own creation. A Mythology is usually created to explain what is beyond the comprehension of the normal human or to hide secrets that "mere mortals" must be protected from. This book presents the life of Hillary Rodham Clinton as a mythology.  If your a candidate for president today, one of the requirements is a book that tells a false inspirational version of your life story. The books spin every event in the person's life to make political points or to shore up what the campaign considers weaknesses. In saying this, I'm singling out this book or Hillary Clinton. She is by far not the only candidate with a book like this out right now.  The strange thing about Hillary Clinton is that almost nobody really knows her. This book doesn't help.   Bernstein follows the established baby boomer script. She was born in an imaginary world of the 1950s that showed up in educational films and the TV show "Happy Days". Like all Boomers, she had a bad father who we are now told was more abusive and cruel than we were told he was before. Her mother was (by the script) a good caring person.   Then she discovers the civil rights movement, Martin Luther King Jr and the turmoil of the 1960s. Thats the script, but it never really happened that way. From other books, the more accurate picture is of the churchy "good girl" from the midwest whose political beliefs were rooted in an attempt to make the world better by "good works".  The book then presents an utterly false account of life at Wellesley. The script has her flowering as a powerful woman ready to take on the world. The book captures the nostalgic view of the times, but not in any way the reality of that time. Berstein spins her up into the spokeswoman for her generation and a national figure in college but again it didn't happen that way.  We are then presented with an account of her decision to move to Arkansas that again rings false. Yale Law grads that go to New York or Washington at graduation don't go there for idealism, they go there to make money. Neither is a place where she would have found a political future except as a consultant or a lobbyist.  Bernstein then gives a false account of her time in Arkansas which does not deal with the realities of what that meant to her or the adjustments she had make in her life (and appearance) to enhance Bill Clinton's electability.  When the scene shifts to Washington, we are given a spin version of the first two disasterous years of the Clinton presidency and a apologist version of her role in that disaster. Everything has a scripted excuse or explaination.  In terms of her qualifications to be president, her failures in 1992-1994 raise the most questions. Explaining away all the problems, as Berstein does, is not helpful. The health care initiative she ran was the biggest (and perhaps only) organization she ran in her life and reading the book its unclear if Berstein (or her) understand all of what she did wrong.   We are then presented with the usual false account of the marriage. She (and the book) play her as the victorian martyr wife tricked by the devious husband. Whatever really goes on in the marriage has never been covered accurately in my opinion by any book. False positive or false negative, what they all have in common is that they ring false.  Then we have the happy ending. She is carried into the senate apparently on a wave of "sympathy". If you want to read about the strong-arming and backroom democratic politics that went into her senate candidacy, this isn't the book that will tell you.  The book ends with the heroic sunset photo of her with her valued advisor, husband by her side, preparing to "save" the world by running for president.   This book is like a sappy made-for-TV movie about the life of Hillary Clinton. This is a person who cries out for a real biography but all we get is either demonization from right-wing cranks or political spin like this book. Her real life story (an honest one) would be an interesting read, but to be honest it would not serve her purpose or get her elected.  It would be nice of our presidents and presidental aspirants could return to being human beings. But with presidential "libraries" these days resmebling temples of worship, the trend seems unlikely to go away.
sarcastic What this book lacked in humor, it made up for in absurdity and tedium. With a motley assortment of irreedemable losers and a poorly constructed and boring plot, the reading of this book is only slightly more pleasurable than being poked in the eye with a sharp stick.
sarcastic I ordered this as I work in a rough neighborhood.  My boss was stabbed recently outside the office; and another colleague was shot last year.  As I have to walk a bit from the bus; I needed some added protection.  I purchases this item; and it looks fantastic.  I get some odd stares on the bus- but it is pretty intimidating.  The other day; I was mugged and feeling brash in my armor, I told the guy off.  Well- needless to say he went after me.  The knife didn't get through the armor at all.  The blade broke- and rather than being stabbed-- I was pushed over and kicked several times before the mugger ran off.  The only downside is that it is heavy; and it took me about 5 minutes of rolling around on the ground before I could stand up.
sarcastic Notice description shows 3.5 pounds... It weighs 2.5 pounds... Submitted to Amazon, see if they will correct the AD ... It's not weighty enough to "burn" my muscles... My old hand weights are 4 pounds already, so probably why.... Be great weights for a beginner child, like age 12, when first learniing to correctly use to avoid injury
sarcastic If you notice, a 10 pack is ONLY 10k. The 15 pack is 25k. Why wouldn't anyone just purchase two 10 packs and save the extra 5k for a down payment on a JL421 Badonkadonk Land Cruiser, a 3 wolf moon shirt, a pair of Zubaz, some truck nutz, and a frosty jug of Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 gallon, 128 oz.  That's using the ol' noodle
sarcastic This report is sadly deficient in important marketing data that makes the price of almost 500 quatloos seem a tad pricey.   I was browsing Amazon.com one day at work instead of taking care of my overdue TPS reports, and I came across this important-looking document. Naturally, I ordered it with one-click and my secret phrase (chicks with goatees) and when it came (overnight with Amazon Prime) I plunged right in.  I was deeply disappointed. There is nothing, NOTHING in here about the important statistic of splinters-per-square-centimeter-of-buttock. No pictures of Chinese buttocks, either, splinter-infested or not. No information on whether or not you can get the stains off the underside of the glazed wood (always an issue at our house) and the frequency of seat failures, in particular the split kind where the wood splits and LOOKS intact and you sit there but when you stand up, the blasted thing is pinching your buttocks and there you are, yelling for a bandaid, looking like a goob with a toilet seat stuck to your bum. Most unfortunate, and I expected this typical seat-fail-incident to be reported and given some statistical data. But, no.  In addition, the report makes no mention if the toilet seat fits on your steering wheel and if so, how many Chinese find it convenient to drive with a toilet seat as a desk and Porta-Potty combo in their automobiles. Another regrettable oversight.   I was considering buying this firm's report "All the Tea in China"   but I am worried it will be equally incomplete. Anyone know if it's any good?
sarcastic this product only got one star because "no stars" wasn't an option.  it didn't remove my wart at all, in fact all it did was make my thumb look ugly for a few weeks and it helped me develop another wart right next to it...it did the opposite of takin away my wart it help me get another one! i do not recommend at all, i did everything the instructions instructed word for word, and when it didnt work the first and second time i tried it for the third time...after the first time i had developed a second wart right next to the first one and the second and third treatments didnt do anything at all.
sarcastic One drawback, when it was delivered the capsule had no bolt on the outside.  But I'm handy, so I installed one.  I have been locking the wife and kids into the chamber from 7pm to 7am every evening, and boy am I relaxed.  This really works.
sarcastic Like any profession the burglary profession has bit hit hard by the recession. People just don't buy luxury goods anymore and when they do they tend to protect these assets with more care, i.e. dogs, guns, security alarms. First and foremost, notice the matte finish-- for burglars beyond the amateur level matte finish is essential. I know there are some flashy cat burglars that take a lot of joy in a gloss coat but for us ninja-type burglars we want to get in and get out as quickly and painlessly as possible. That means, low profile matte finish burgling tools like this.   Second, alarms. I have em' in my house-- what a pain huh? Your kid or dog sets em' off. You're trying to do your job robbing a house and you get a call from Brinks to say that it appears you have a break in, then your kid calls, can't remember the code to switch it off, and you're arguing with the Brinks guy in the middle of your job while you're trying to kill the alarm from the outside. The crow bar hinge on the end of this blade is great for breaking to security boxes and cutting the power. After that the only real tough part is bonking the dog on the head with its solid handle and making a mad dash for the goods. I've only had one time where I've really had to use the blade-- look-- the guy had a gun! All I did was swing the blade nice and quick, off goes the hand and I was out of the house with the goods. EASY. 10 stars for this self-defense/burglar blade. Really do yourself a favor and pick-up one before you go "shopping" for some of your neighbors goods.
sarcastic I'll keep this short and sweet.  We ordered one of these rabbits for our children this Easter and boy what a surprise.  It is NOT a living rabbit.  Someone has killed this rabbit and skinned it, I suppose for eating.  Anyway, our children were traumatized and Easter is not the same holiday that it used to be for us.  On the upside, we don't have to fill their Easter baskets anymore as we told them the Easter bunny was killed by Amazon.  P.S.  The rabbit tasted very good.
sarcastic It's my own private theory that the decade between roughly 1966, and roughly 1976, represents not just a sea-change/high-point/Belle Epoque of the arts in this country, but the duration of a force-field imposed by aliens who briefly took over our bodies and spent a long arts and crafts holiday here, giving us 2001 and REVOLVER and BREAKFAST OF CHAMPIONS and CLOSE TO THE EDGE and CHINATOWN and much more in the process; and when they left at last for their home world, the bodies they inhabited reverted right back to their true selves. In the case of Mel Brooks, through whose corporeal shell the Visitors had crafted THE PRODUCERS, BLAZING SADDLES and YOUNG FRANKENSTEIN, that means a pushy, tiresome, obnoxious hack.  Well, it's as good an explanation as any, right? Brooks so totally lost the plot from the latter half of the 70s on that bodysnatching aliens and Faustian bargains spring naturally to mind as reasonable explanations: that's how fast, and far, he fell off the cliff. There isn't a single funny moment in his ROBIN HOOD spoof, but this is far worse than simply "unfunny". Few things in life are as painful to endure as third-rate comedy performed badly, by incompetents incapable of timing a gag or delivering even a throwaway line without stepping on the joke. Not that this is measurably worse than the half-dozen or so lead balloons Brooks made prior to this. On the other hand, it's every bit as wheezingly unfunny as they were. If it wasn't, would Dick van Patten even be in this? Yeah.... when I think of freewheeling, anything-goes absurdist satire, Van Patten's the first name that comes to mind.   Oh, yeah....about those jokes. They're about on the level of a Bob Hope Special from 1971, only with the racier, edgier material cut out.  "And this is my friend Will Scarlet."   "Well, Scarlet's my middle name. (pause) My full name is Will Scarlet O'Hara. (longer pause) We're from Georgia."  That's one of the better ones, folks. And even though the joke as written is terrible, and could never be made funny no matter how it was read, the tortuous Pasadena Playhouse pauses actually make the thing even worse than it already is. Which is pretty much this movie in a nutshell - bad ideas, made worse by terrible writing, further doomed by an unsuitable cast, all of whom flail away helplessly without any sort of competent direction.   If you must see this, see it on basic cable so you'll at least have the cell-phone and diet soda commercials to look forward to. And maybe you, too, will wonder how it was possible anybody ever thought Mel Brooks was a genius, and how in the world did he keep getting money to make these godawful comedies? I can't help you with the second question, but as far as the first goes, trust me; it was the aliens.  
sarcastic Unless you want to sweep on your hands and knees, make sure you purchase the handle separately!
sarcastic It happens to me all of the time: I'm minding my own business, when some intellectually challenged person mentions that health care is evil, big business will save the planet, or the middle class should pay more taxes so the wealthy can invest their dispensible income in the stock market and real estate.  I just want to tell them, read a freakin' history book! -- but they only become more self righteous. You feel your pulse beating in your temples. Each breath is harder to take. You can't be rude to the intolerant. The rules are different for them and they can say whatever they want. Your only hope is...   ...to use each page of this book as a piece of toilet paper. 
sarcastic If you're sick of fake metal bands with no talent (Megadeth, 80s Metallica, Opeth, Dream Theater, Iron Maiden, Borknagar, Queensryche, etc - basically any of the crap that only posers praise) then you need to get this. They show so-called "metal" bands how to play REAL metal, and also that solos suck. This is MUCH better than anything those losers in the 80s could do. Once again unknown posers with guitars such as Malmsteen, Satriani, McLaughlin, Michael Romeo and Allan Holdsworth are shown how to actually play. This band is like sooooooo deep. Like Chester Bennington, I am a tortured artist; one too complex and intelligent to be understood by people who don't watch MTV or TRL. That's why I like MTV, because it caters to head-strong anti-mainstream rebels such as myself. So, if you are sick of fake "metal" from posers with long hair who don't know how to hold their instruments, then get this. If you want something just as deep that still rocks then get Good Charlotte.
sarcastic If this was written by Danielle Steel I hope she was forced to get a story out no  matter how bad !!!  Truthfully I have a hard time believing this was written by the same writer I've been reading for 25 yrs.  I enjoy a good cheap romance story and I've read many Harlequin romance books and this book isn't even as good as some of the worst Harlequin.  This book is so bad I really believe Steel should give all of us  a refund or at the very least send us a coupon to purchase her next book free which is probable the only way you could get me to read it.
sarcastic It is almost blasphemic to use mortal words to describe this garment. A product that carries within it the power of not one, but three times the wolf intensity. I purchased this shirt (legally must be called so, although it more closely resembles armor) after months of debating how to survive taking tank rounds to the chest. Once equipped with this modern day chain-mail, I slammed a Rockstar and was well on my way to becoming more creature than man. I bolted out the door leaving a trail of fire and wolf fibers behind me as I was ready to take on any challenge the world through my way.  Cars and builings disentegrated when the shirt waved in the wind as I ran by, winds that even Tom Schilling could not predict. That is when I met my destruction. I approached a trailer park where a small lad about 7 years young stood with a shirt portraying 4 wolves. HOW COULD THIS BE??? I Remember yelling... HOW????? No punch or kick was needed to defeat me. I had been out-wolved. I returned to my nest to regather myself and await in teh darkness for a 5 wolf shirt that will bring about the end of man.  Til then.. $17 dollars of magnificance. Use at own risk.
sarcastic I must tell you, I've read all the reviews and I doubted the healing qualities and powers of attraction the wolves tees actually command. That was until I ordered the Night Breed version.  I arrived on a Thursday and to my surprise, the box was glowing! Slowly, I picked it up and a large electric surge shot right through my body. I must have been out for a few hours because Springer was on when I came to.   Half dazed, I got up to get my last PBR and realized I was naked and covered with a thin layer of fur - the shirt burned into my skin and covering my upper torso. I was ashamed, I was dog-like - but I needed more PBR so I threw on a pair of jeans and headed to the Piggly Wiggly.   Once there, thoughts of fresh meat and procreation ran constantly through my mind - IT JUST WOULDN'T STOP! 45 minutes later I was on my way downtown in the back of a police cruiser. Even though I don't remember a thing, I had evidently ransacked the frozen meat section, assaulted a bag boy's leg and sprayed on a diaper display in aisle nine.   I don't regret buying the night breed shirt, because quite honestly, I've never felt SOOOOOOO alive! But if you're considering a purchase, just understand the raw power at your fingertips. Understood by few, wielded by even fewer - that's the power of Night Breed.  By the way, I'll be on a upcoming broadcast of COPS - check me out. I'm the only guy on there who actually has a t-shirt on. The Night Breed Tee, that is.   Gurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.
sarcastic Its funny to look back on the cartoons you loved as a kid and wonder why they captivated you so much. Watching it now, I'm really not sure why. Now its just hilarious. The dialogue is terrible and the amount of overtly homoeroticsm in these cartoons boils way over the top. There's one part where robotic villian, Lockjaw, struggles to find a suitable weapon for his detachable arm, and in doing so makes grunting noises and rapidly moves his arm up and down, which looks alot like a struggle of a much different kind. Just one example. I mean, c'mon! Look at Prince Adam's or He-Man's attire! Pink shirt and Purple leotards! Furry short shorts with boots! Shoulder length blond hair! Then you go through the special features and hear the creator talk, you can definitely see that the guy is gay. I mean, no problem with that, it just adds to the comedy of it all. If you have a sense of humor about these kind of things, than this cartoon is for you.
sarcastic To keep it simple, To Kill a Mockingbird is more boring than watching people answer phones on PBS during pledge drives. The book's plot basically goes no where, and does not take any opportunities to make itself great. Instead, it takes the route of pure boredom, shallow characters, and an asinine plot that is so lame and so boring, a Lucky Charms commercial has a more compelling plot. I was barely able to keep myself awake during the time I read this book, and when I was able to stay awake, I was mostly spent that time imagining what else I could be doing with my time. God only knows how this book even is considered one of the greatest books ever, it's only a book of pure suckyness. WHAT IT'S ABOUT: The time is the 1930's, some years after The Great Depression. The story is told in a narrative by main character; Scout Finch; as she describes the racism and prejudice in her town somewhere in Alabama. Her father; Atticus Finch; is chosen to represent an African-American man accused of raping a girl named Violet Ewell. She talks about all of the experiences she, her brother Jem, and her father go through during this time in which racism was the norm and they receive much prejudice themselves. The main moral of the story is that if you kill a mockingbird, it's a sin and this book uses that moral to describe prejudice. How touching, too bad the book as a whole desecrates that moral with a horribly put together story. What ruins this book is the terrible dialogue, boring, shallow characters, a premise that goes no where, and much more. You can try and discredit my opinions all you want folks, you can't sway me. A lot of you already hate me for my review of the movie version, and basically looked at me as if I had just taken a leak on the Holy Grail (Hmm... maybe this explains why Bible verses were thrown at me). After my review of the movie I was basically called a racist, a swine, mentally ill, and unappreciative of art. I honestly laugh at how many people try to insult me and what they throw at me (Try and call me something I haven't already be referred to as). My opinion stays as it is, you can't hold it back. This book is worthless, asinine, a mockery of American literature, and completely boring... SO LET IT BE. THE GOOD: Some interesting moments. THE BAD: The rest of the book isn't interesting, the movie is better, but not by much.
sarcastic As a rabid, frothing cat lover, I picked up the CatGenie Self-Flushing Cat Box for a feral cat I found on the street.  He never did use the cat Flushing Cat Box for reasons I suspect have to do with a fear of metal parts.  I did everything I could for him to use the Flushing Cat Box but he refused.  It was later that I found out that he was blind in both eyes.  The box itself is a superb, fake ceramic bowl type Self-Flushing Cat Box.  It seems to have a little camera which detects Cat movements and has soothing sounds of ocean breezes or other music you choose.  A little robot hand comes out to scoop the Cat waste and then shoves it towards the back where it accumulates for months in a smelly decomposition chamber that will make you vomit when you change it.  I really liked the manual Flushing handle for a cat's paw, not too big, not too small.  In all, you're still going to be doing tons of labor in regards to the Cat waste so you might want to consider the advantage of spending tobacco money on a small toilet that you stuff in the corner of your home that smells like a Formaldehyde fish bowl.  Eventually I gave it to a midget friend because I had sold all my cats to the lab. 
sarcastic Paris Hilton again amazes the audience with a truly masterful performance. she shows us why she has the determination and the talent to become one of Hollywood's finest actresses.   next, i'd like to congratulate tom Putnam for showing us that he has the leadership and skill to rise among the ranks of George Lucas and Steven Spielberg.  i can't remember the last time i laughed throughout the entirety of a film. this movie gets two big thumbs up for originality, and the best acting in 2008 so far. move aside Indiana Jones, make way for one of the all time greats in the movie industry.   cheers Paris
sarcastic I bought this air compressor to use for airbrushing.  I need 20-40 psi and less than 1 cfm.  This compressor will generate 100 psi.  Here is the funny part...  the instruction sheet says for break-in you should turn the regulator valve clockwise all the way and leave it open (no hose, etc) and run for 5 minutes before using.  Fair enough.  No regulator... no valve... the think runs 100 psi and just splills that out into what ever you hook up to it.  You would have to add a regulator to it.  The other joke... it was so incredibly loud it was louder than my 6 HP 60 gallon upright compressor in my garage!!!  Ran it in my basement with the doors and windows shut and my wife was concerned the neigbors Easter dinner would be unejoyable in their homes in the neibhorhood around the house.  The noise was incredible...  I would say equivalent to a Jet air craft taking off in close proximity in terms of decibles.  I have been exposed to two of Campbell Hausfeld's compressors... both were the worst pieces of engineering garbage I have ever seen.   No reflection on Amazon please.
sarcastic Timothy who reviewed this above must have been paid off lol b/c this is without a doubt the worst product i've laid my eyes or fingers on in 10 years of playing guitar.  What's wrong with it? You name it. Its slapped together with glue spots all over it. The fretboard feels really strange and rough, with a super high action. It will NOT stay in tune.  I actually prayed for it to stay in tune and I don't do that often. It actually smells funny, it smells funny! Take your money and burn it, you would actually have more fun doing that than playing this god forsaken thing.
sarcastic Is there somewhere I can apply to get the time I spent watching this movie refunded to me? It started out merely predictable, but quickly became unbelievable, and eventually escalated into eye-popping nonsense. If you enjoy this, you should stick with TV movies. In terms of redeeming factors, there are some truly hilarious moments, such as the car chase where Dennis Quaid succeeds in driving one-handed through miles of narrow streets at high speeds while making non-stop cell phone calls and surviving, unscathed, some nasty crashes. Apparently, driving and talking on a cell phone is safer than we've been led to believe. We can only hope our actual Secret Service agents are one tenth as competent (and lucky!) as Quaid. And, we can only hope that someday, our actual President is as worthy of the effort as the mythical one in this story. By the end, I was slack-jawed in amazement at what passes for entertainment these days. I wish this movie had been made by Quentin Tarantino and Robert Rodriguez, or anyone else, with at least one foot in the real world. No such luck... but in the end, one dollop of entertainment was discovered, as I howled my way through the apparently sincere comments by the cast and filmmakers in the special features. If you finish this dog with a straight face, you must be on some of that stuff that Quaid took to steady his nerves... what was it? Maybe I needed some to sit through this movie.
sarcastic We take turns in book and movie reviews. Here is my say on this so-called movie/dvd. The only way to enjoy this dvd is with the sound turned completely off. That's right, just watch the entire movies in silence. At least your eyes will enjoy what will otherwise torture your ears and mind. Let's see what your ears/mind would miss. (I wish mine had.) Marital breakup over oral sex. Hmmm, oh, father and son dating same female (there are old testament laws against such). Black males and black females can't get along, what's new. And the big mouth no-talent d.l. hughley, yuck. I knew something was wrong when all my bookclub member could say about this movie is "uh, well morris chestnut is fine." I mean that's all she could say. Save your money on this dvd and buy a poster of Morris Chestnut, it's less expensive on time and money and mentality.
sarcastic Alpha male.  Lone wolf.  Leadership.     These are just a handful of the words I would choose to describe the Wolf Gaze t-shirt (available in various sizes).  Furthermore, I concur 100% with the reviews of the two previous pack leaders regarding the potency of this garment when it comes to the ladies.  My story is as follows...   Recently, I was invited to an 80's theme party at a campus sorority house.  Knowing that every frat boy d-bag with a faux hawk, tribal tattoo, and crotch rocket would come to the party dressed as Zach Morris (big cell phone, double popped collars, white-washed denim, etc.) I desired a chance to really set myself apart...from the pack.  Naturally, my selection to accomplish this goal had to 1) be wolf-related, 2) project a certain subtle sexuality in its theme, and 3) be a bold color.  Boom!  Wolf Gaze.  Size large.  Piss yellow.    Admittedly, I did cave slightly to the 80's theme and rocked a pair nylon track pants and Reebok Pumps (hey, even the `lonest' of wolves has to roll with the rules of the forest).  That said, my look was achieved and a vibe was emitted.  Beautiful babies dressed in poofy prom dresses were admiring my status as the alpha male all night long.    One girl in particular caught my eye from a distance and the hunt was on.  Her hair was frizzy, her earrings were huge, and her outfit was all shades of neon...just my type.  As I went in for the kill, it was as if the power of the Wolf Gaze took over and not only impacted her inner urges, but dictated the song selection as well.  The lights dimmed, the strobes kicked on, and the sweet, sweet sounds of Duran Duran's "Hungry like the Wolf" filled the room.  Needless to say, the night ended successfully.  In conclusion: buy the Wolf Gaze, be the lone-wolf leader that you are, get chicks.  If needed, Duran Duran is always available for support. 
sarcastic Seriously?? People, Suzanne Collins is stealing ideas from different books and movies and piecing them together, creating "something completely new." Come on. When I read this book, the only thing I could think was, "Hmm, where have I seen THIS before? OH YEAH, "Battle Royale" by Koushun Takami, "The Long Walk" by Steven King, "Lord of the Flies" by William Golding, the movie The Condemned, et cetera." This is plagiarism at its worst, I mean this book has been written a thousand times, and she didn't even try to change any circumstances.  ...And now she is being recognized as inspirational, bringing a "completely new concept" of kids killing kids?? IT'S BEEN DONE! It disgusts me that no one has sued her for this second-rate version of amazing literature. Also, if she's going to completely steal their story lines, she could at least do it well; Her writing is terrible.  Not only that, but she's using a textbook example of a dystopian society. Like, there's not a thing that makes this society new or different. It's all so cliche! Can't she think of a single new concept? I mean, putting things in the blender isn't a skill.  Well, that pretty much ends my rant. Please, if you're going to buy something, buy an original! Try Battle Royale, that's a personal favorite of mine, but whatever you do, don't buy this unoriginal cra p.  Congratulations, Suzanne! You've just proven that idiots without brains in their heads can be successful too!
sarcastic I wish I knew before purchase that this RPG would be almost the EXACT same thing as every other one.  The only difference is, this one comes with the expansions.  Matter of fact, Fallout 3 is a better title than this crap-fest.  The only good thing to have ever come from this was when I brought it to the local game store and traded it for Fallout 3.  The game starts when you're trapped in some castle.  YAWN, like that scenario has never been played out.  The game continues on to repeatedly slap the buyer in the face each time you kill a rat or some other enemy.  I don't get how this has made so many Top 10 lists, this game flat out blows.
sarcastic If you are in to homeopathy and want to use such toxins as Poison ivy and belladonna on your beloved pet, then this book is for you.  Mine is in the trash can.
sarcastic Silly story of uninhibited coitus between two strangers.  Melodramatic, common erotica about amazingly endowed lovers. They overcome all odds in their quest for great physical/emotional love.   Oh, least I forget, the usual sad, abused pasts for both of our versatile protagonists. Fortunately, the contrived angst didn't overwhelm the salacious narrative.  The real story is the sensual appetite of these two lovers. They achieve physical satisfaction in the vertical, horizontal, dorsal and ventral positions, whether clothed or unclothed, in private or in public.  Hooray for Passion! What stamina! I can not say that this was well written. No.  Nor was there any remarkable literary form or style - excepting the overuse of the common street terms for male and female reproductive organs.   The author has used her abilities and energies to create a slight erotic fantasy. The Novel was acceptable. It was not-very-Victorian, not-very-historical, not-very-exciting erotica.   Not recommended.   
sarcastic I bought these for all of [...] bucks, and my expectations were REALLY low - but I'm going abroad and all I needed was marginally better sound than what comes out of the microscopic ports on my MacBook. But these plastic "speakers" were actually worse - I couldn't yank them out of the audio jack fast enough. The bass sounds like two hamsters coughing in a milk carton. I'm shocked Hewlett-Packard would put their logo on this junk - how much can they even make on these? Somewhere at HP there's a product manager with a bright future ahead of him... as a busboy in the Adirondacks.
sarcastic I bought this outfit for my brother, but he doesn't wear anything in black when he works out in the gym. I was going to return it and my uncle said he's try it on.  He looks stunning in it, considering his age. My aunt got jealous and now I have to buy her one too!
sarcastic Have you ever wanted to be the dictator of an obscure country whose name you can't pronounce, only to realize you don't have the appropriate armaments in your suburban garage to give you that tactical advantage?  Let's face it: installing that leaf blower and shop vac in the wife's SUV just isn't going to get the job done and will probably only lead to ridicule.  Now, thanks to the good people at NAO Design, you have access to a device that can make your third-world conquests a reality.  Granted, the Donk won't go head-to-head with a modern Abrams M1A2 fitted with the Urban Survival Kit upgrade, but in field tests against Russian-made T-72s, it performed admirably.  Survivability was significantly improved with the installation of depleted uranium armor in key areas. The addition of a German-designed Rheinmetall AG 120 mm smoothbore gun made it possible to take out adversaries from nearly 4000 meters away.  Pros: The stock 6HP Tecumseh engine and drive train can be retrofitted fairly easily with an electric motor drive system powered by a surplus Russian-built Strontium-90 Radioisotope Thermoelectric Generator (RTG).  That change out pushed the top speed of my Donk to over 92 MPH (though I did also have to upgrade to "R" speed rated all-season tires).  Plus, with a half-life of 28.8 years, I'll be ready for a new cruiser by the time the fuel is no longer viable.  The soundtrack to Top Gun totally rocks on the 400 watt sound system as I charge into battle!  Sometimes I also like to play it on the external PA system to confuse and disorient the enemy.  Cons: Cup holders are too small for the 64oz mega-size slurpees I like to take into combat zones.  No trip odometer.  A digital dashboard display for the outside temperature would be nice, as would dual-zone climate control.  Oh, and the glovebox is too small for my gas mask. 
sarcastic I read this book to find out what all the fuss was about. What followed was sour disappointment.  Storyline: No more sophisticated than those shortened bible stories for five-year olds.  Style: I have read microwave oven instructions with more literary flair.  Characterization: Flat, lifeless "characters", distinguishable only through phrases like "the boy", "the girl", or "the Englishman".  Tone: Preachy and patronizing to the point of being irritating.  Message: "Follow your dreams". How deep, and original. Further Peeve: Coelho encourages men to follow their dreams, while a woman's destiny is to await her man ("She never asked you to stay because a woman of the desert knows that she must await her man" - p. 126). This is not taken out of context. Throughout the book, the whole "follow your dreams" motto is limited to male protagonists.   Don't be duped by the 'warm fuzzy feeling' Coelho tries to leave you with. This book is as deep as a puddle.(...)
sarcastic All I wanted was a camera that could "burn" the date into the picture, like all the ones I've had for the past 10 years.  I take a lot of rapid-fire pictures.  Some genius at Kodak decided the decision should only be made on a picture-by-picture basis, and to keep the feature on is not a good idea.  Hence, it got returned.
sarcastic I got this product as a "gift" and was very surprised!  For only 99cents I'm thinking about getting them as party favors :)
sarcastic After reading the short, choppy sentences with little to no substance in the first LA Candy book, I amazed myself by giving Sweet Little Lies a shot. I got to about the third page before I had to stop, because I literally felt like I was putting myself at a disadvantage by attempting to read this. Save yourself the time and brain cells and pick up a book by someone other than a former MTV reality star.
sarcastic I wanted to like this game. I really did. I read the reviews beforehand and I looked at the screenshots. I ordered the game.   I even read that this is from the same people who made the King's Field series--I love King's Field.   I hate this game.   Is it because the game is too difficult? No. That's a bunch of newb complaints I've read. It has nothing to do with the difficulty of the game. I've put in over 28 hours of gameplay into this game. I've killed some archdemons and bosses in every world. I've got some of the gear. I've participated in the coop and I've had my world invaded by shadows several times.   No, I can say that I've put the time and effort into this game to really see that I don't like it. I thought "Hey, maybe this will become more fun." No, I was wrong.   Let me number some areas I think the developers got it wrong:   1. First and foremost they made this game completely unforgiving. What do I mean? Well, about halfway into the game I accidentally cast God's Wrath in the middle of the Nexus (the main area). I had just purchased the spell. Well it hit a vendor. A very important one that happens to store all of my gear. Guess what? There's no way to undo that. Now he just attacks me any time I get near him. Sure, I could kill him, but I would not be able to store my gear or retrieve my stored gear. You get to either A. Start your game completely over, or B. try to beat the game with the weight on your back. Either way this was an EXTREME annoyance to me. I already had about 18-20 hours invested when this happened and I basically got to watch all that effort go up in smoke. Would this game be more fun if this wasn't a problem? Sure.   2. There is not a lot of loot. The reward structure in this game is flawed. You'll go hours without finding anything you want to use, unless you can somehow decipher the wiki information out there and hunt down the treasure--if you can get to it. There are about 15 swords in the entire game. Oh, yeah, you can upgrade your weaponry if you feel like farming the stones. That's about all the variation you will get out of this game.   3. The coop system sucks. Plain and simple. It either won't load sometimes or you'll be baffled as to how it actually works. I don't want to study a manual or search google to play with my friends.   4. You'll farm endlessly to level your character. You'll probably mess your build up. You'll get to start over again to get the right build if you care anything about this game. I don't care, so I'm definitely not starting over. My build was pretty good anyway.   5. Finally, you'll die. You'll die quite a bit. You'll die after spending a half an hour trying to get to a boss only to start over again. This, again, is part of the reward structure that is completely flawed.   6. You can only equip things up to half your total weight capacity. On top of that, you have to have the endurance necessary to have "equip capacity" outside of that. So not only can you not equip anything you want up to your total weight, but you have to invest in separate branches to do it. It's similar to the magic side of things, too. You have to level your intelligence for your mana or mp, and you have to level your magic for the magic power. Then there is also faith magic, which is a completely different set. On top of that you only get so many slots based on the level of your intelligence or faith (depending on which one you're using). It's completely retarded.   Oh, well. It feels like a waste of 30 dollars and a lot of time.
sarcastic This is a serious review.  I've spent 13 of the last 15 months defending freedom as a U.S. soldier serving in Iraq.  My friends just sent me a care package which included Three Wolf Moon (size Medium).  When I took it from the box I didn't know anything about the shirt's magic powers or special abilities, but I immediately recognized it as the sweetest graphic I've ever seen printed on fabric.  I was shocked when I was showing it off and a fellow member of my company identified TWM as a cultural phenomenon/enchanted garment.  To know that my friends loved me enough to send me a t-shirt that one reviewer described as being "woven from the same material as Chuck Norris' beard" made my heart leap.  Repeated reviewers described TWM's abilities to stop bullets and resist flame. Being that I still have three months left of my tour here - and based on the recommendations of my fellow amazon.com shoppers - I will be replacing my body armor with TWM.  I feel that not only will TWM provide me with better ballistic protection, but it will also be much cooler during the upcoming summer heat.  Thank you wolf pack, thank you amazon.com, and thank you Three Wolf Moon.
sarcastic First of all, where was the Edward and Bella romance that we got in Twilight? I couldn't find it. His character was almost nonexistent. The wedding was too rushed, the honeymoon... not a single intimate conversation. Not really one. About what it was like to be married, how they finally felt about everything that had gotten them to this point, what they hoped for the future, nothing. I felt cheated.  Then the pregnancy... just yuck, how Bella lit up every time Jake came over, meanwhile, Edward's going out of his mind and she seems to just not address that. Did it not occur to her how it would make Edward feel when she did stuff like that with Jake? Her constant disregard for his feelings never ceased to amaze me. And we're supposed to like her for this?  I have to admit, I loved the delivery scene, with Edward having to deliver the baby and her just spewing blood from everywhere. Too bad Jake was there, but it was impossible to shake him, thanks Steph. If they ever make a movie of this one, I want to see that scene.  I must say, I have read better transformation scenes in fanfiction. That was weak, but, I like Bella as a vamp much better than as a human. It really helped that she finally cut Jake loose and realized she belonged to Edward. Finally! It took her becoming a vamp for that to happen? How stupid was she as a human?  Then the imprinting. Just weird and creepy. Almost incestuous; just a few days earlier, Jacob is having fantasies about having sex with Bella. Then suddenly, he wants her daughter. Creeped me out big time. Why couldn't he imprint on Angela or even Tanya?  Oh, I know why, because it wouldn't have fit into the whole bizarro ending she had planned, with the wolves intimidating the Volturi. I did like Seth though; if anyone had to imprint on the kid, I wished it was him. I also thought Sam would die so Jake would have to become Alpha. But, no, nobody has to die in Stephenie's little dream world except for evil Irina, who was simply mistaken and jumped to the wrong conclusion. Off with her head.  Oh yeah, I loved how Jake took it upon himself to go tell Charlie, just to keep them from going out of town for a few months. How selfish can you be? How inconsiderate? Just another example of how he disrespects Bella's decisions. Still supposed to be her best friend and still unable to be supportive. If he couldn't stand the separation, why didn't he just go with them? They weren't going to the moon.  I hate Renesmee but I like it better than Nessie. Couldn't they have called her Rennie.. or what about sticking Elizabeth in there somewhere for Edward's mother? But nothing tops Edward Jacob. I almost barfed. I'm sure Edward wanted to name his son that. What was Stephenie on when she wrote this???  I was never worried that E and B wouldn't end up together. She's not THAT stupid. But I didn't see the baby or the imprinting coming. I thought we resolved the love triangle in Eclipse, but at the reception, there it was again. I wanted to scream and I wanted to slap Bella, and therefore, Stephenie. Jake is hugging her, so Edward comes back and Jake's stink is all over her Wedding Dress. Funny, it occurred to me but it didn't occur to Bella. She's always so worried about hurting Jake but she doesn't seem to worry about hurting Edward.  The only time she did seem to consider his feelings was when she was trying to hide her own pain, with the pregnancy and the transformation. The only time. She could hang onto Jake all she wanted with never a backward glance in Edward's direction. Did Stephenie do that on purpose or did she just think that was acceptable behavior? Is she completely insensitive?  Talk about a big build up with no climax... let's just chit chat with Aro and then glare at each other and then they'll turn around and go back to Italy. Yeah, that's a great ending; what a let down.  And a love shield? Yeah, I like Lily Potter too, but I would try to come up with something original for my fourth novel, not something that's already been done by JK Rowling. And since when was Bella's love her strongest human trait? Her closed mind, yes, love shield, no.
sarcastic Okay, I've read the other reviews that call this publication shallow, lacking in depth, geared toward young teenagers, etc.  I guess if you are looking for twenty page, in-depth technical articles that delve into every minute neutron of a particular subject, then yes, this publication might not be what you're looking for.  But, if you're a regular, average, ordinary guy like me (who would not understand those deep, brainy articles anyway) and you are looking for an entertaining, informative view onto what's new and what's cool, I think you'll be pleased.  Very pleased!   Take, for example, a couple of recent issues (see the date of when this review was written).  Last month was focused on the future of personal aviation and the people behind the effort to make personal flight more available and affordable, and about the aircrafts they are inventing.  Fascinating!  Now, can I run out and build myself a prototype after reading the articles?  Ummm, no.  Do I know a whole lot more about an incredibly fun subject then I did before?  Yes!  This month's issue focuses on similar theme: The future of personal space travel and the idea of a space-hotel.  When you're done reading it will you be able to build a rocket and fly to the moon?  Of course not.  But it's informative and educational to the exact level I would want it to be... just enough to make me aware, enlightened, and entertained.  So to all the non-nerds, non-rocket scientists, and non-brainiacs who want a scientific publication by the people, for the people, I think your yearly subscription money will be well spent.  Enjoy!
sarcastic Imagine Kitty Kelley as a political reporter, with her unnamed sources and her dubious methods. Now imagine she's a total nutbar, someone hanging onto reality with one last cuticle as she rants, frothing, at the one man she believes responsible for her downfall.  If you believe Bill Clinton is Satan, you're going to say &quot;10! 10 plus!&quot; If you have any capacity for rational thought and skepticism, you'll discard this book like a used tissue. Let my sacrifice of brain cells not go in vain -- pass this one up.
sarcastic Well this one ain't original. I can't believe that men would pay for something that they have in their cupboard. I mean all you need is a little corn starch thrown up in your britches to freshen up.  Now mind you when I was used to herd billy goats on foot I would put so much starch on my whatnots that I would have a fresh batch of chocolate chip muffins in my drawers at the end of the day.  Now Balla Powder says it has peppermint and eucalyptus in it which is a little scary if you live in Australia. Imagine this, your taking a little Rip Van Winkle under a tree and you wake up to some Kola Bear licking you're landing gear. The good news is that you can give the Kola Bear a thank you kiss because his breath will smell minty fresh.  So maybe this stuff is worth the price if you want a Koala Bear to lick your junk.   This has been Ronny Tucker with Hillbilly Hygiene saying "Cornbread and Butter make love"
sarcastic My My! How clever and original, my Dad dispenses bathroom wisdom with a lot of foul language, It's just the funniest thing, It's so original and new! If you enjoy hanging out in the restroom at interstate rest areas, bars or gas stations you will love this book!  It is touted as a family and fatherhood book of wisdom and humor, any accidental pearl of wisdom contained therein is nullified by the base and gross view of life and women in particular. If you did not get enough of junior high humor, then buy this book. The fact that it is a bestseller is an indicator that our civil and social culture is rapidly spiraling down the drain.  Would you talk to your children in this way? Would you want your children's teachers taking to them in this way? Even sadder still, the cover says it will be adapted for television.  I was asked to review this book for a library.  I read a few pages and thats all it took. Thank God I was not required to buy it. Read something that will elevate your mind, it ain't this book!
sarcastic So I downloaded this from adobe, and its horrible. It becomes mission impossible to do a lot of the simplest things I could do in CS4. Plus it would be nice if it didn't crash every other hour. And I'm running off a high performance computer.
sarcastic I loved my Laptop Steering Wheel Desk so much I got one for my 90yr old mother. She is an avid crossword puzzle fan and now she can work on them while she is driving back and forth from bingo at the senior center. One cautionary note be careful of those jerks that stop at yellow lights, my poor mother rear ended one and the airbag drove the desk back into her stomach which ruptured her spleen, well after a short down time I'm glad to say she is back on the road and cranking out those NY Times crosswords once again. Thanks Laptop Steering Wheel Desk you have made my mothers life more complete.  
sarcastic This book made me want to beat my head over a wall.  Paul D seems to be the only sane character. Everyone else seems to have some mental issues. I couldn't relate to anyone or anything in this book. The plot was disturbing and creepy, and the writing was very hard to follow. I found myself staring at the pages to make my mom think I was reading it (I had to read this for a summer English assignment), but not actually comprehending the words.   The only good part of this book is that it put me to sleep easily, so I got much more sleep than usual.  Everyone talks about hidden meanings and symbols in this book, but I was too bored to even understand what I was reading.  I love to read, and I loved reading Shakespeare in class, but Beloved? I'd rather eat dirt & watch the grass grow. It's extremely boring, and everything is just strange and wrong. Don't watch the movie either unless you like violence, insanity, incest, rape, cuss words every few sentences, bodily fluids flying every which way, and just all around crappiness. However, all of those things happen in the book anyways; you just picture them in your mind (which, unfortunately, scars you for life) instead of seeing them on a screen.  While I was reading this, I kept thinking (more like hoping) that the book had to be ending soon, but then I would realize that I was only on page 30. I am honestly considering throwing this book in a fire and happily watching it burn and turn to ashes.    
sarcastic Yes, the STORY itself is great. The Tuohys should be commended and I am glad they made the film to bring awareness to that. I do like Sandra in it, but was it an Oscar-worthy performance? No. (as a comparison Julia Roberts' performance as Erin Brockovich was far superior) And to put that little kid front and center like that through the whole thing with his over-acting was a total distraction, unrealistic, and annoying. He was the Jar-Jar Binks of the movie for sure. And riiiiiiiiight...this little kid coached Mike making him the great football player that he is because a first grader knows more about football than any real coach does. Sure. Whatever. And TIM MCGRAW in a lead role? Who came up with that idea? Something tells me he didn't show up at the casting call and beat out everyone else out because he's a better actor than all the real actors out there. He's a country western SINGER with NO acting experience (or ability) as I found out from watching this movie. I also find it HARD to believe that she would just be able to yell at some bigoted redneck in the stands and drug dealers and have NO consequences for that at all. Yeah, I'm gonna drive my 7-Series BMW to the drug-dealer hang out, get out dressed in diamonds and expensive clothes and threaten drug dealers who kill people on a regular basis all by myself, get in all of their faces and tell them I have a gun in my $800 Gucci bag and just shut them all down verbally because I'm just ALL THAT? Uh huh. Right.
sarcastic The Lt. Colonel-author's book is published by the Regnery comp. that is devoted to philippics about Bill Clinton especially, and anything Democratic in general.  The author had no particularly important administrative role to the Clinton foreign or military policy development other than tagging along with the president, but he seems to consider this chore as making him as knowledgeable as Kissinger, Dulles, or Gen. Marshall in knowing what decisions should be made.   Facts were not much of a concern to this author.  Never mind that Bush I began the Somalia affair, and the reduction of military.  Or that the Republicans controlled the Congress and assisted in the reduction of the military bases under Clinton.  Also, if it was so easy to get Bin Laden, then why after sending an entire army for him has the current president still not found the guy?  And did I mention that the author was merely a tag along.  I understand that he is planning a sequel on the mismanagement of McDonalds restaurant (hey, he buys happy meals, what more does he need to know). I didn't purchase the book, so Regnery made no money off me.  But, I will consider a book by them on the revelations of the Clinton's White House gardener, or pastry chef when those books become available.  I'll bet you that Bill once callously pulled a petal off a rose in the White House garden, and you can only imagine what he did with the custard from the White House eclairs!!
sarcastic Let me first say that I haven't taken this shirt off since i got it 8 days ago. When i wear this shirt I fell like the incredible hulk on ice skates. Women love it and business has picked up. In this down economy we need all the help we can get and this shirt delivers.   It also does a great job absorbing body odor. I don't know what will happen once i wash it - but i can only imagine that with a little age and wear on the shirt, my power and grace will be enhanced even more.
sarcastic I found this movie to be an incredibly stupid incoherent mess of scenes and CGI. I didn't get anything out of this movie except a couple laughs. My main problem is how unrealistic this movie is. In the first place you have Susie Salmon played by Saoirse Ronan who is a gullible girl in whom it's obvious her parents didn't teach her anything because she stupidly follows the neighborhood pedophile played by Stanley Tucci into some makeshift underground room/pedo-shrine where she gets raped and murdered by the psycho. Then it becomes even more disturbing when her soul gets transported to her very own cheesy CGI version of pergatory where she is able to go sledding on top of fake CG snowy mountains, dance like a hippy in front of a fake CG city (I cringed at that part) and she even becomes friends with a random victim of the same pedophile on the other side she then shoots the @#$# with. This movie has a disturbing undertone and sends the wrong message that she is better off being raped and killed just so long as when it's all said and done she can be transported to her own little wonderland of fun.   The movie then wants you to think that she can help her parents solve her murder but it becomes a useless plot line and nothing really becomes of it. Jack Salmon who is the father of Susie Salmon (played by Mark Wahlberg) basically transforms into a paranoid wreck because of the murder to the point of wanting the police to randomly investigate hundreds of people/neighbors on suspicion of murder without one single shred of proof. As if this wasn't laughable enough, Susie Salmon's little sister Lindsey Salmon is walking her dog after the murder and when she stops in front of the pedophile's house the dog begins to bark at it and this is apparently all the proof the Salmon family needs to know that the he's the guy that is responsible for the murder (lol). At this point the movie becomes ridiculous when Jack Salmon tails the pedophile with a baseball bat into a corn field for some revenge only to stumble onto a pair of high school lovers which results in Jack Salmon getting his ass kicked by a jock with his own bat no less which earns him a trip to the hospital. I can go on and on but I'll end this review by saying the movie reaches it's conclusion with the murder being unsolved; the presumption that it's okay to break into a person's house to obtain evidence; Susie Salmon ridiculously manifesting herself into the body of another girl order to obtain a kiss from a five minute crush whom she met at the start of the movie; a random miniature icicle brings ultimate justice when it falls on the pedophile with the force of a soft teddy bear causing him thus to fall off a cliff (lol). Thank heaven this was only a $1 rental.  Since this movie is asinine to the tenth degree treat it like the plague and run, you'll be doing you and your family a favor. I'd imagine only a narcotics addict would find this movie remotely interesting.
sarcastic I have been fasting, on water alone, for 17 days now, and I plan to withdraw to consumption again when my body tells me I should.  On every page, the wealth of Colbert's ignorance astounded me.  What he has written is secondhand drivel from health books popular in the 80s, which advised readers not to drink water during a meal, because it would "dilute the digestive enzymes and interfere with digestion."  Anyone who has opened a middle school level Biology book knows otherwise.  How is this guy a doctor?     He is FUNNY, however.  I often found myself laughing out loud reading this.  He appealed to the Bible and yet obviously prefers juice fasting in almost all cases, and even prohibits absolute fasts (which I've done dozens of times).    None of the fasters in the Bible "juice fasted."  Many of the spiritual leaders in the Bible did "absolute fasts," which Colbert expressly prohibits, even if God calls you to it.  So I wish Colbert would make up his mind.  Why does he advocate fasting?  Because of science, or religion?  He seems to fill the book with both (watered-down forms of each), but NEITHER support his juice-fasting dogma, as far as I can tell.    Three times he wrote, "Supergreens is equal to 6 servings of vegetables."  Huh?  Equal how?  In calories?  In antioxidants?  In fiber?  In phytonutrients?  In KILOBYTES?  In toxins?    He leaves it to the reader to make of it what the reader likes.     If you want a summary of what science has to say about fasting, better look elsewhere.  If you want anything concerning religion, better fast and pray before reading this quack.  He's just telling us what his grandma told him what Benny Hinn told her what Jesus told him what the Father told Him.
sarcastic I am a tortured soul...No one understands me...my dad and mom force me to clean my room, force me to do my homework...etc., etc...woe is me...I listen to korn to get me through the long, harsh days of high school/junior high, and to get me through the long nights of my parents making me do my homework...the only people that understand me are in the band korn...  Seriously though, I don't understand why this album is praised so much.  What did it do for anybody besides making 15 year old, zit faced kids depressed (for the most part), and the execs. who marketed this product so brilliantly?  Some argue that this album pioneered a wave of new music.  Even though this is somewhat (not entirely) true, what did it pioneer??? It pioneered Nu-Metal...hands down one of the worst genre's of music (with the exception of a few bands).  I really don't care about metal having controversial lyrics for the most part, I like to consider myself open-minded when it comes to music, but this album, and ALL of korn's subsequent albums after this, have the same stupid lyrics/themes over, and over again.  Mom didn't love me, Dad did thing's to me, no one understands me, why me?, etc.., etc.  This has been going on for 10+ years.  They would probably be more respectable if they got a new topic/theme.  Davis though, who I assume writes the lyrics, has a lot to complain about.  He's a multi-millionaire, has legions of fans/easy women,..etc., etc.....No wonder he is so depressed (note sarcasm).    Korn also do not have much talent at all.  The vocals are equivalent to the sound someone makes when he/she gets shot in the ass.  Davis really needs to take singing lessons.  The guitarists are just plain bad and they pretty much use no more than three power chords in each song...In fact, why were there 2 guitarists in this band???  The bass sounds awful, and I don't care for the drums.   In all though, this album was never good.  Try to check out some other worthwhile music that actually means something, and whose band members actually have talent.  For real music check out Opeth, Meshuggah, King's X, Dream Theater, Porcupine Tree, Symphony X, to name a few.         
sarcastic Women love me for bringing this stuff over.  I've been using this forever.  Even experienced marathoners dry up; Astroglide to the rescue!  The few virgins I've had look at me like God for having this lube.  KY sucks compared to this.  This is the stuff porn stars use at home.  If you have a girlfriend or wife, you'll notice that she gives you a lot more action and wants to screw longer if you keep her lubed up with this.  No matter what men around the world prefer, women HATE dry friction.  Keep 'em lubed, and they'll keep you happy.    I think this is the stuff they put in doorways to squeeze fat people out.  I love this lube!
sarcastic The product description does not indicate that the product must be in the water to function, ie; if it is used in a boat it is recomended that the depth finder be placed in a plastic bag filled with water then placed against the hull for a "through the hull reading" it appears this product would work fine if your vessel was sinking. This product might work fine if you boat is built close to the water so you can drag it along by hand. It appears this product is an underwater transducer attached to the readout. To be fair, this product would probably work fine for swiming and diving but living in Michigan that is a few months away. It appears to be well built for it's intended use as an underwater instrument.
sarcastic I had a two-wolf shirt for a while and I didn't think life could get any better. I was wrong.  Life got 50% better, no lie.
sarcastic The secret to become rich is easy, Make a none working(windows) product which is none existent(virtual)and make all who use it to pay multiple times for the same product(dont provide bootdiscs,instead embedded chips). O I allmost forgot the most important thing you need immunity from the government(s), in order to continue to billionaire status. Bill did it over and over again and here it is again. Tatataaaaa Vista 7, oops sorry Windows 7. To be continued with Window 8 next year spring hahaha..
sarcastic I've been searching high and low for a quality Electronic Yodelling Pickle for over 20 years now, and this one is by far the greatest one of them all. You won't find a better Electronic Yodelling Pickle on the market! I'm Roger Barr and I approved of this message.
sarcastic I don't know what kind of hair this trimmer is supposed to cut, but it don't cut mine.  You can stick it in your nose until the battery dies (which actually is not such a long time), and you won't cut as much hair as you could with a pair of scissors in 10 seconds.  There's just no comparison.  This trimmer makes a lot of noise and painfully tugs on hairs, but it's all sound and fury.  Nothing much happens.  So, I'd say that unless you have tremors or something, you'd be much better off with a $3-pair of manicure scissors.  Do the job in 10 seconds.
sarcastic Through some peculiar mischance AMZN's mailbots sent me a breathless promotion for this - thing. Is the paper it's printed on two-ply? I can't think of any other purpose to which I would put them....
sarcastic I am the author of Striking It Rich: Golf in the Kingdom with Generals, Patients and Pros   As someone who generally reviews things I like (I reviewed "Rushmore" but passed on "I Heart Huchabees" and "Lost in Translation") I am a little uncomfortable doing this review.  I was a physics major at MIT and spent 2 years counting cards in Vegas and Reno after graduation. I was 21 when I started; the same age as the protagonist. I eventually tired of the card-counting lifestyle and went on to medical school. Chapter 3 in my book is entitled "The World's Biggest ATM". Its all about card-counting and my time at MIT. So I consider myself to be something of an expert on the subject matter in "21". Nothing is portrayed even close to reality in this movie. First of all, card counting itself is not that hard. Any student who can get into MIT can learn to count cards. Its not that mathematical either (in the Thorpe tens/non-tens system you have to do some quick division in your head but they were using a -1, 0, +1- type of system where you only have to add -1, 0 or +1 as each card is played). OK You have to have a good memory and be able to focus intensely without anyone noticing what you are doing. I happen to have a good memory. You probably do too.  It took me three weeks of learning the tables and practicing to become enough of an expert to be able to play in the casino for hours on end without making a mistake. And in case you're wondering...YES it works, But it is a job. With the systems now available, you can get an advantage of 2 or 3 percent over the house (the casino). It doesn't sound like much but if you play 100 hands per 60 minute hour at an average of $100 per hand, you have created $10,000 of "action". 3 % of that is $300. Per hour. And that's about how it works. To get $3,000 per day (more than $ 1 million per year) you have to play 10 hours; or you have to bet more. I played with my own money and needed to play with less at the beginning because you need enough of a bankroll (about 200 x your minimum bet) to make sure an unfortunate run of cards doesn't wipe you out. And unfortunate runs you do get at times. You only average $300 per hour in my example; sometimes  you make more, sometimes less. It's a fairly tedious undertaking that pays off gradually with time, time and more time at the tables. I wanted to love this movie- both subjects are near and dear to my heart- but I had heard that the book wasn't accurate either and I wasn't expecting too much. Even so, the movie (and book too- I eventually read it) fell far short of my low expectations . MIT wasn't portrayed accurately at all, starting with the two idiotic friends. That may be the characarture of MIT but it isn't anything like MIT. In my time there I never met anyone like that. The protagonist was pretty typical, nothing unusual in his abilities or background as MIT standards go. The Kevin Spacey  character could never exist; talking to another professor to get the kid out of an exam and give him an A. What!? And the casino scenes; oh the casino scenes... Those idiotic hand signals? C'mon, the cocktail waitresses would've picked up on those... Lawrence Fishbourne beating the tar out of people he caught counting!? I don't think so. The Nevada State Gaming Commission would shut `em down, pronto. (Getting caught cheating the casino with a dealer or by marking the cards, etc.- that might be different). But counting cards ISN'T ILLEGAL. Its not against the rules to use your brain.  In 2 years of playing on a regular basis (the casinos even pay for your flights and hotel rooms!) and sporadically after that- it really is addictive- nobody ever caught me counting; except once. That time, they just asked us to leave. They said we were disturbing the patrons.  "Gladly", we said, and just walked down the street to the next casino. Part of the problem with the movie is that its hard to make an entire movie about counting. There's just not enough material for a theatrical full-length feature film. (Its much more ideally-suited to a one hour documentary.) Ok, so what to do? Enter the two stupid friends and the side show about the 2.09 contest, the strip-joint girls cashing in the chips, ( I don't think so- a few of them might slip into the ladies room never to be seen again), the sob story about needing the money for medical school, etc. "Excuse me Mr. Future Doctor Millionaire, MIT math genius, Harvard Med Graduate,  don't take your mom's life savings, don't lie about the scholarship, just apply for a student loan like everyone else who's going to medical school." That's why it occupies only one of thirty-six chapters in my book . There's just not that much to the mechanics of counting and making it work in the casinos. The magic in counting cards is in the realization that it is a free ticket to as much money as you will ever want and that you will never have to work again. A "free" ticket? Not exactly. It turns out to be a job like any other. I made that clear in "Striking It Rich" and I too eventually went to medical school and became a surgeon. Who wants to count cards all day when they could do something useful (and if it matters to you) make the same amount of money in the process? Counting cards, MIT math geniuses, the very pretty female protagonist, etc. are all potentially sexy subjects but their sexiness was utterly lost in this book/movie. Where were the consultants who knew something about MIT? Casinos? One of our fine actors, Kevin Spacey, was a producer on this film. How could he let this happen? What were Spacey and the writers thinking? Nix the idiotic characterization of the kid who was making hundreds of thousands counting yet who insisted on stealing everything from bottles of booze to pens from the maid cart, and the entire team who was scared to try it without Spacey's corrupt professor at the helm... Uh, HELLO?- these are supposed to be our best and brightest, Mr. Producers...) A realistic portrayal of MIT students and of MIT, and of casino card counting could have been something  very entertaining. As  a lover of MIT, movies, card-counting, money, sexy, smart women, etc., all I could think was "What a waste!"   
sarcastic Reading GREAT EXPECTATIONS as a 14 year old high school student in 1967 helped me acquire a clearer understanding of the concept of infinity. Eternity could never be as long as this book, which I endured to its soporific, boring end. I recommend it to hold up the end of a busted sofa!
sarcastic I purchased this product in order to spice up my sex life (or 'nasty funtime' as my wife and I call it).  Quite frankly this compact disc has ruined my entire life.  After letting this CD play overnight, I woke up to the surprise of the friggin century.  My nether regions are now nearly the length of a damn football field.  Yeah, thanks ALOT!  I can barely shoehorn myself into a pair of pants and when I finally do, I walk around with a TENTPOLE bulging out the front.  Talk about uncomfortable!  I got fired from my job because they claimed I was being "entirely inappropriate in the workplace."  It's not like I could help it!  On top of that my wife has left me because she's too freaked out to be near me while I'm clothed, much less in the bedroom.  Speaking of freaks, I've had to join a Freak Show in a traveling carnival because they're the only people that would hire me now.  In fact, we may be coming to a town near you.  Keep an eye out for me.  They call me the Amazing Gargantuan Penis Man.  Can't miss me.
sarcastic Timeless works often suffer at the hands of translators. One thinks of the numerous and continuing attempts to render Dante's "Divina Commedia" (another early vernacular Italian masterpiece and contemporary to the justifiably obscure Tuscana Latte series) and the struggle with both terza rima and meaning. No so for Tuscan Whole Milk ("La tutta latte"). Few works are better left where they were found, their authors condemned and eventually flogged. This translation of the redredged third valume of the series was committed by Sir John Stilton, the inebriated English librettist for two of the earliest publicly-immolated operas by P.D.Q Bach, themselves loosely based, in part, on the Tuscan series and "Mechanicae Popularum": "Die Fliegende Kuhe" and "Das Zaubereuter", both banned before their opening nights sometime in the early 1760s.   That Stilton translated the Tuscan series at all was no mere stroke of misfortune. He was a cousin of Leopold von Emmenthaler, present at the Great Flushing of the Florentine sewers in 1755. As recounted in his memoir "Besottene Reisen", returning to his rooms late one night from a drinking binge, Leopold fell into an open ditch which drained into the Arno, but had been clogged. He was saved from drowning in the filth by the floating obstruction created by a massive snarl of wig hair and old used manuscripts -- part of which would later be tragically identified as the only complete copy of "Tuscan." Inspired to further drink by the experience, Leopold vowed to champion the mysterious work. He passed it to Stilton in a stupor sometime in 1759. Though arrested, Leopold was never proscuted for the act and he fled to his native Limburg.  Rarely misunderstood and best left un-retold, "Whole Milk" is the culminating volume of the Tuscan series, but can be read (if necessary) as a standalone work, as both Skim ("Scremato" or "Senza Grassi") and Two-Percent ("Cauto") are diatribes on celibacy and vegetables respectively.  A tale of love, betrayal, and gastrointestinal distress, it is in this infamous portion of the "work" that Contessa Bessi meets the cowherd Giovanni de Sargento (the cloaked "Count Grasso") and confronts him with the immortal question "Gotta de latte?" This dubiuosly romantic passage is considered by some scholars as the inspiration for later poetry (e.g. Wordsworth's "I Wandered Lonely as a Cow" (1804); Dickinson's "#255", (""Cow" is the thing with horns." (1867)), books ("Care of Dairy Cattle in Central Peru" (1843); Proust's "Du Cafe chez Vache" (1914)), and even movies (among them "Cud" (1963) with Paul Newman and Patricia Neal; "El Cud," (1961) with Charlton Heston and Sophia Loren; and "The Guns of Navorone" (1961) with Gregorgy Peck and Anthony Quinn).  This Stilton translation of Tuscan Whole Milk remains one of the more curdling, if only because he manages to improve the flavor of the work to the point that more innocent readers might be unwittingly exposed to it. It is clear that Stilton spoke little Italian, certainly not the 14th century vernacular of the region, and had no concept of style and structure. It is not certain that he was even completely literate in English.  One star for calcium.
sarcastic I knew my day was going to improve when the truck pulled up at my home with this cable deep within. No ordinary truck, this one was Holy White, and the gold Delivery logo sparkled like a thousand suns reflected through shards of the purest ice formed with unadulterated water collected at the beginning of the universe. The driver, clad in a robe colored the softest of white, floated towards me on the cool fog of a hundred fire extinguishers. He smiled benevolently, like a father looking down upon his only child, and handed me a package wrapped in gold beaten thin to the point where you could see through it. I didn't have to sign, because the driver could see within my heart, and knew that I was pure. Upon opening the package, an angelic choir started to sing, and reached a crescendo as I laid this cable on my stereo system. Instantly, my antiquated equipment transformed into components made from the clearest diamond-semiconductor. The cable knew where to go, and hooked itself into the correct ports without help from me - all the while, the choir sang praises to the almighty digital god. With trepidation, I pushed "play," and was instantly enveloped in a sound that echoed the creation of all matter, a sound that vibrated every cell in my body to perfection. I was instantly taken to the next plane, where I saw the all-father. I knew with my entire soul, that all was good in the world.  But then I realized the cable was blue, so I only gave it one star. I hate blue.
sarcastic When Big Bobby Ray told me there was a foxy lady's version of that legendary 3 Wolves shirt I just had to get one for myself. Look out Bobby Raye there's a new Loca Lobo in town. My hands trembled when I opened the package and I couldn't get over that lovely Trailer Lavendar color and the almost air-brushed quality of the wolves. I cranked up the Kid Rock, put on my best cut-offs (you know the kind, that ride up just enough in the front and back) gave the bleach blond hair a fresh squirt of Aquanet (roots be darned) and told that Bobby Ray we were loading up in the Trans Am and to let that coon tail fly. These lady wolves really unleash my womanly power, no woman at Wal-mart, the tanning salon, the county fair, the beer joint, or the Nascar race will look hotter. Ok, Verna Sue, we'll see who gets promoted at the feed store now! Especially when I tie the shirt just so and let a little of the jelly hang out- must be jelly cause jam don't shake like that. Just look at those wolves...no one can resist the "come here big boy" look of that she-wolf. Can't wait for this Friday night when Bobby and I wear our matching wolf redneck couture line and go down to the Bingo hall and then when we get home...if the trailer's rockin' don't bother knockin. All thanks to this graceful wolf finery- get yours cause I got mine.
sarcastic I am an acquisitions officer for an artillery unit in the Russian Army. Since mafia hooligans stole all of our equipment to sell to Kyrgyzstani rebels, we have been looking for a low-cost alternative to the T-80 Main Battle Tank. After successful trials at a facility in Moscow, this so-called "Badonkadonk" was approved for use in the Chechen theatre. Initial reports were favorable, but then somebody noticed that the tank lacked a cannon, treads, and armor, and possessed the engine of an electric bicycle. It did, however, have an excellent audio system, but this failed to compensate for its disappointing 100% mortality rate. Recommended only for use against Lithuanians.
sarcastic Wow... the first one was at least good to read the first time, but this just sucked.   I'm the kind of girl who hated Romeo and Juliet. I hated the way they committed suicide over each other, and how Juliet picked Romeo over actually having a life even though being with Romeo meant suicide. Therefore, it's not to hard to figure out that I wasn't all too fond of this.  I actually don't know who I pity more: me, for reading this book when Chinese water torture might have been preferable, the editor for having to fix it from whatever level of absolute hopelessness it was in to the level of suckiness that it became, or Bella whose love left her (a sign to get over them to anyone reading this- don't wallow over some idiot) and was adament about their inexistent future together in the first place. Hm. Real tuffie. I don't know if me or the editor had it worse.   What about Bella? Who cares, she was an idiot.   And if love makes people fools, then it's not all its cracked up to be and I'm fine being single.
sarcastic If you are overweight, or even sensitive about your weight, don't read this book! Iovine can't resist saying "fat" without adding "and ugly" and she states in the beginning that overweight couch potatoes are not welcome in her circle of "girlfriends." Towards the end of the book, she discusses the pregnant waddle, and reasons that all fat people waddle a bit anyway. She sympathizes with her husband for not being attracted to her. After all, you wouldn't want to sleep with someone as fat as you, right? And she confides that her maternity wardrobe ran all the way up to a (gasp) size ten! The horror! Although this book was very entertaining and had some good information, I got tired of being slapped every couple of pages. The author simply can't resist seperating her temporarily round self from those of us who struggle with our weight all the time. Does she not realize that the average American woman is a size 14? I really felt like I was reading this book as an outsider, so I waited until a skinny friend got pregnant and gave it to her. And by the way, Ms. Iovine, I am a size 16 and my husband can't keep his hands off me. It would take a lot more than pregnancy and dark roots to push him away. If your husband is that picky about your looks, I feel sorry for you.
sarcastic Ingmar right before me says it all. What kind of human being could watch this grotesque, unbelievably carnivorous gore and call it entertainmnet? Anyone with eyes and a mind can see that our society will revel in even the worst garbage. Blindly this was ordered and from the cat being wantonly killed and barbequed and fed to a rat is when I SHOULD have stopped but this masterpiece of manure was continued only because Denzel Washington (in my mind) would in a while bring something positive.  When my morning coffee started to come back up, the movie was put up for sale on Amazon. Shame on me for thinking that anything Washington was in would have to be redeemable.  HEED MY WORDS: THIS IS NOT FOR ANYONE WITH A FAINT HEART OR AN AWARENESS OF THE VALUE OF LIFE. If all Hollywood can come up with is this crap then lets go back to looking at carvings on caves!
sarcastic Sex For Dummies: I saw this book while perusing Amazon, and could not believe it. Not only is this company marketing their products to mentally-challenged people, but they are doing it right out in the open! Surely the mentally-handicapped, who oftentimes work menial jobs for little or no pay, need their money more than any other group? But no, this soulless corporation keeps churning out their books designed to take our slower brothers' and sisters' last dime. How exactly are the books "For Dummies?" I'm not sure; perhaps they have large, colorful pictures or have scratch-and-sniff components. No matter, the point still stands that this company is trying to take advantage of the mentally-impared and must be stopped.  And furthermore, "Sex for Dummies?" Really? I'm as liberal as the next guy, but are the mentally-challenged really the kind of people we want reproducing? I'm not saying we round them up into camps or anything, but if you can figure out a way to keep `em childless, so much so the better.  To conclude: Not only does this book take advantage of the less-fortunate, but it strives to create a world in which there are even more of said less-fortunate. Two stars.  
sarcastic I bought this before reading the reviews, which is unlike me.  Once I saw the experiences the other buyers had had, I was nervous, but convinced myself that it would be fine.  I run XP, so I downloaded the software from the Gravis site, installed everything, and tried a game.  The D pad wouldn't work, despite the fact that I had downloaded the XP software.  If this had been the only problem, I would have figured that I had just done something wrong, but the joysticks were awful!  Half the time, I would move the joystick up, to move forward, and when I released it my character kept going forward.  Not great when you're standing on the edge of a cliff.  I found it impossible to get any kind of control over my game characters, not nearly enough to even consider being able to use the gamepad for games.  Another thing about the gamepad is that, although I tried it in the store, to get a feel for it, I decided rather quickly that, regardless of how it worked, it just wasn't right for my small hands (I'm female, and have exceptionally small hands).  I can't call this a complaint, just a matter of personal preference.  When I viewed the "Read Me" file on this thing, and came to the section about "Known Bugs", I about had a heart attack at all of the problems this thing is "known" to have!  After every single bug listed, they gave a completely lame, unsatisfactory "solution".  For instance, one bug said that games often take a moment to respond to input from the controller.  Their solution? "Please wait a moment after each button click, to give the game time to respond".  Erm, sure; I'll just politely ask 200 Orcs to stop attacking me while Aragorn takes a moment to respond, no problem.  I'm not by any means an extremely serious gamer with unrealistically high expectations for my equipment; I just like to play sometimes, and want moderately sufficient results.  This controller came nowhere near that, and I'll be returning it tomorrow morning, after only owning it for about 18 hours.
sarcastic The Zenith Men's Defy Xtreme Tourbillon Titanium Chronograph Watch or Z.M.D.X.T.B.T.C.M. as I like to call it, is by far the most awesome watch. Chuck Norris riding into the Super Bowl on the back of Godzilla and round house kicking the crowd is no where near as awesome as this priceless poon magnet. When I was just moments from sending my $100k to some needy neo-hippie help group, I stumbled onto this gem. It was like the heavens opened and Jesus himself appeared with this same watch on. I mean how can you not follow Jesus when he's rocking a watch of this caliber. So I asked "What would Jesus do?" Jesus pimp smacked me and said "Forget those hippies, buy the watch!" I was like "HECK YEAH." I busted out my Discover card and bought this rocking piece of art. I mean its art but its also practical too. Like when I take my summer trips to the Marianas Trench, I have no more worries that I am going to miss Tea Time back on the yacht, because water ruined my watch again. It can withstand the immense pressures of the deep due to the wicked awesome titanium. Deep seas, cant beat this. Bullets cant beat this. Heck, I can deflect cruise missiles and the apocalypse. With a watch like this you don't need to tell time, you tell people what time it is.
sarcastic My children are always complaining about eating that or saying that. It get's seriously annoying and Mighty putty claims to fix leaks, so I put it to the test and now I can drive hour long car rides with little to no problem.
sarcastic Did you analyze the water or just making generalizations ("it certainly removes harmful bacterial, cysts, and protozoa.")  Yeah, thought so.
sarcastic You can expect to get, MAYBE, 20 to 30 batches of waffles before this thing will burn out.  We gave one to my brother for Christmas two years ago and it died after about 10 batches.  He took it back and the second one died; and the third one.  I think he has given up on it.  Same with my mother-in-law's waffle maker and now ours, a gift for Christmas last year, went D.O.A. this morning!  I guess we'll have to go out for waffles today.    Hey Waring, you might want to re-think your engineering department!  It's a waffle maker...not the Space Shuttle...how hard could it be to make it last more than 20 cycles?!
sarcastic Wow what a way to start off your career with one of the best debut albums ever! This album is non-stop rock. And I don't mean fake rock such as The Who or Led Zeppelin; I mean stuff that actually takes TALENT to creat (those guys were just hippies on acid trips who have no ability to create good music). Ashlee can play instuments for the record, I've even seen a picture of her with a guitar which proves it. She composed this music ON HER OWN and didn't just touch up her voice in the studio like these posers will tell you. Also you bitch about her lip synching. Well LOL everybody does it LOL. You should get this, but ignore talentless poser "singers" such as Luciano Pavarotti and Placido Domingo.
sarcastic This is atrocious.  I'm watching "Life" on Discovery channel right now, with Oprah narrating.  Some of the reviewers said that the script was re-written for her, and I can believe it.  I can't believe Attenborough saying lines like "hunting crab seals is toooo much work!"  Oprah narrates this thing as if she were reading a bedtime story to little kids and comes off as snarky and condescending.  In the opening segment, she's discussing a fox chasing an ibex kid and it's basically like "heeeere comes the fox!  UH OH!!"  The most embarrassing thing is that I'm thinking that British people think that Americans demanded this.  Who's going to be doing the next special, Dr. Phil?  "Oh-kaaay, here comes the alee-gaytor, it's prey tries to run, but that neeeever works!  HAW HAW HAW!"  Don't get this.  Get the real version.
sarcastic More contemptable garbage from the likes of another extreme Conservative.  The majority of the book doesn't even contain facts.  It reads more like a trashy magazine with the same amount of false allegations that themselves amount to nothing.  Perhaps a revised copy of the book should be released and retitled:  Hell to Pay:  The Same Old Right-Wing Story of SENATOR Hillary Rodham Clinton.
sarcastic Chuck Norris does it again people. The man can do no wrong. He takes such a stupid subject as a police dog movie, eats it and then craps out a police dog diamond. There's just too much to say about this movie. The characters are amazing, the script is beyond fantastic, the story has an awesome pace and is truly believable and the special effects and action sequences will blow your mind. Of course, there's also the Chuckster, ah Chuck with your wonderful beard and fantastic haircuit, you dazzle again. Chuck delivers his lines like a pro and his stunts are some of the best I've ever seen. There is almost nothing better in this world than putting on some Yanni and turning on a Chuck Norris movie like Top Dog and getting lost in the amazing world that Chuck Norris shapes for us. This is a must buy for any fan of fine film, it's definitely in the top 3 greatest movies of all time list.
sarcastic I was chuckling to myself, reading all the great reviews of this product, thinking, "do I have the same monitor?  Am I doing something wrong?".  Then I got to the reviews at the bottom of the page in which other customers were having the same beeping problem as me.  Thank goodness!  We have the baby in a room on the same floor as us -- the monitor is maybe 15 feet away...and it beeps randomly all the time.  God forbid I move it maybe 20 feet away from the base - forget it!  I am out of range (and the monitor doesn't let me forget it - which is good - but I don't feel like I should be out of range at this distance).  Unfortunately, I cannot recommend this monitor to anyone, unless you enjoy not sleeping - not due to a baby crying, but rather your monitor beeping!
sarcastic I'm fortunate enough to be haunted by a ghost that is actually made out of electricity. The EMF Detector has consequently proved effective at tracking down Moaning Electro Horror Child even when she's hiding in hard to spot places like the cupboard where we keep the Christmas decorations. Highly recommended.  EDIT: I am upset to report that as a result of successfully capturing and banishing above ghost, it has returned in anger to horribly slay my family. I now wish I had never purchased the device. Not recommended.
sarcastic This is truly a spectacular movie in the tradition of Showgirls and Battlefield Earth.  It is one of those movies in which you know the people both on and off screen actually THINK they are making a quality product, but the result is so horrifying as to make it magnificent. Everything about this movie, including, but not limited to, the cheesy and overdone soundtrack (minor key, I should feel sad right now), the horribly written dialog, the wooden delivery (there were a few scenes where I swear Affleck was reading off of a cue card), and the incoherent plot, make this movie one for the ages.  While I don't think it really deserves it's current position as #1 on the top 100 worst films of all time on IMDB, it is definitely in the top 10.   I saw it in the theater with about 6 other people and we all could not stop laughing.  Truly a trainwreck of a movie.
sarcastic All my life, I've been looking for the one thing that would turn me to religion...and BEHOLD! I found it...  Instead of boooooring pictures of the Last Supper and the probable locations of holy sites, I get AWESOME pictures of crashes and and cars going in circles! I could practically smell the burning rubber and see the girls in halter tops firing cheap t-shirts out of a cannon at me...all the while learning who begat Bathsheba! (SPOILER ALERT: It was Eliam)  There is no better feeling than cracking open a six-pack on a Sunday morning and sitting down and reading my Stock Car bible. Because if there's one thing religion needs...it's definitely DRAFTING!
sarcastic I ordered a Dell Inspiron laptop 1 1/2 years ago and it worked great until recently.  The screen went black and the system would not start.  Turned out that the video card had failed.    I contacted Dell customer support to activate my next business day warranty and after more than a week I have gotten nowhere with them.  My claim has been "escalated" twice with the same excuses and refusal to fix the problem.  They claim they have no video cards in stock and I will have to wait 2-3 weeks for a replacement card, 2-3 weeks for a loaner system, or 2-3 weeks for a replacement system -- basically my NEXT DAY warranty is anything but.  I explained that this is a mission critical system and a 2-3 week delay is unacceptable given the high price I paid for the next day warranty.  I offered to take another make or model of graphics card and even offered to go buy the card myself if the agreed to pay for it.    They refused to help in any way.  So, I am left with a useless laptop for 2-3 weeks until it becomes convenient for them to honor the warranty.  I will never buy another Dell product again and recommend that others who are not technically experienced with fixing computers or that need a "mission critical" system that they look elsewhere because Dell cannot be relied upon to fix broken systems in a timely manner.
sarcastic The Emperor has no clothes!  In the best tradition of Saul Alinsky's "Rules for Radicals" Fifth Rule, Laura Ingraham has effectively ridiculed our Pompous President.  Since most of his actions are too outrageous for simple reporting, Laura has had to resort to satire to properly describe the Obumbler.  It's about time that someone told the real truth about our Marxist-in-residence at the White House.
sarcastic The literary equivalent of toe cheese, this is Hatriot Glenn Beck's lame attempt to capitalize on "tea party" hysteria with his knock off of "The Turner Diaries."  It's been found to cause retardation in lab rats. Avoid it at all costs.
sarcastic I hate this book beyond belief. The book lacks a little thing called substance. I wanted to just strangle the main character Mac. She was a little defenseless Barbie stereotype, whose delicate southern female sensibilities were hurt when somebody so much as cursed! She cant lift a finger to defend herself, and would rather slouch off her parents with a part time job, work on her tan, then do ANYTHING. It had immense potential when it came to plot but the characters made it unenjoyable. Jericho was a horrible character who did nothing but yell, bruise, and order Mac around. None of the characters are well written and have as much substance as a toilet brush, not to mention that Mac is the most worthless excuse for a heroin in any book I have read so far. Don't wast your money on this book.
sarcastic As a Grey, I found this book to be entirely slanderous of me and my people and our mission on Earth. We are not here to "abduct" you, perform horrible experiments and make you doubt the reality of your own petty, wormlike existences. We are here as mere researchers, trying to discover what it is about humanity that makes you so... special. If the advice in this book were to be taken, why, our research would come to a complete standstill! Without subjects to study, how can we know more about you and your inconsequential lives? We are on your planet for entirely peaceful reasons, and not - I repeat NOT - here to steal your genetic material to build an invincible army to utterly annihilate those crustaceous scum on Alpha Centauri.  What's more, it would completely mess up the fourth season of "Who Wants to Be an Earthling," and you really don't want to screw with the networks like that.  Don't buy this book! Think about the bigger picture!
sarcastic I was given the Three Wolf Moon shirt as a gift for my departure from my current job assignment.  Immediately upon donning the shirt, I was attacked by mobs of women at the pub.  My wife was actually trampled to death by the sudden rush of women.  Fortunately, the 3 wolves soothed my grief  . . . and taught me to fly.  After taking a quick aerial cruise around England, I returned to my compatriots.  It was a difficult landing, due largely in part to the throngs of women in waiting.  After using my laser vision to clear an LZ, I regained my Earthly contact (if you can call constant hovering "contact").  The Ancient Egyptians believed that the difference between a king and a pharaoh was that pharaohs were actually gods on Earth.  After placing the shirt upon my body, I was aware of the state of reverence in which pharaohs were held.  This was due in large part to the fact that all about me (approx. 300 people/worshippers) were laying prostrate before my holy visage.  King Tut has nothing on me thanks to Three Wolf Moon.   I did notice a minor drawback to Three Wolf Moon.  It involved the inability to make things explode with my mind.  I felt it was a basic application of The Shirt.  Apparently, I bought a knockoff because my friend purchased Three Wolf Moon and was instantly able to blow up the head of the guy who was sleeping with his girlfriend.  I wanted to use it to destroy Fenway Park and allow Wrigley Field to be the sole historical ballpark, but apparently I purchased The Shirt from a different supplier than Pocahontas.
sarcastic I understand that most of the reviews are fake and I would like to say that while I find them all very enjoyable and humorous, there is a something that a real customer of this product feels should be known.  I purchased 10 of the rabbits for the purpose of making hare jerky (a tasty treat) when I was overcome with the desire to indulge in a bit of rabbit meat before the smoking process. Giving into my guilty urges, I took one rabbit for my own personal pre-jerky consumption and proceeded to eat the entire animal whole (I do not own a stove, only a plastic box and some firewood for smoking things, hence it was uncooked). After my little personal rabbit fiesta, I laid down to digest the food.  This was a mistake. Within two hours, I had never felt worse. I used the trusty search engine "Bing" to do some armchair medical research while clutching a trashcan in the most horrendous gastric distress you can imagine (I do not have health insurance so I did not call the hospital). Quickly, I found out that a side effect to eating rabbit was "protein poisoning," a situation that arises when lean meat is eaten. It is also known as "rabbit starvation" because rabbit meat contains almost no fat whatsoever. Apparently, consumption of large amounts of protein with little or no carbohydrates or fat is dangerous. Well you imagine how much that tickled me angry. All ready to write an angry letter of protest to the rabbit meat industry about their marketing of a dangerous foodstuff, I stumbled to my writing desk but alas, I only made it 3 feet before collapsing in pain. The next 5 hours were like a blur as I lay on the floor writhing in my own waste seeing people and things from the past and quite possibly the future. I have experimented with drugs back in the day and let me tell you, nothing came as close to disconnecting me from the universe in the worst way possible, as this. No one ever wants to experience protein poisoning, I promise you.  At about 10 in the evening I came to and used a chair and the wall to help pull myself off of the floor. I still felt sick and I went back to my computer to see if there was a cure. Suddenly it hit me, I needed to eat other macronutrients! I remembered the tub of lard I had been saving in the fridge and stumbled across my apartment. The pain only grew worse. I remembered reading that bodybuilders eat lots of protein. I have no idea how they do it. It must be horrible for them. My vegan friend has always said that anything over 20 grams of a protein a day is overkill and I'm inclined to believe him now. He is the healthiest person I know, he is very skinny but he doesn't have visible muscle (which he says is the result of toxins and not enough body fat to properly survive). I finally reached my fridge and reached in for the I Can't Believe It's Not Butter container with my stockpiled lard. I quickly shoveled it into my mouth and wouldn't you believe it but it only made me feel worse! I passed out again, the cold air of the fridge blowing onto me.  I awoke three days later (according to my watch) at 7 at night. The fridge had apparently preserved my body as it fought the proteins for the first night but now my electricity was off because my bill was due yesterday. It didn't matter, my body had apparently started to win the fight around 2 nights ago and now I am pretty much back to normal. However, I SINCERELY DO NOT RECOMMEND RABBIT MEAT as it can potentially kill you, as it nearly did me.  Five stars - 1 for nearly killing me - 1 slightly chewy - 1 no head + 1 made great jerky = 3 stars
sarcastic This product,  if it works,  couldn't light up a dandelion let alone a tree or address sign.   I am very disappointed in this product and would not buy it again or recommend it to anyone else.
sarcastic Who would have thought that chrome metal would make such an outstanding instrument!  And to think, the wooden one I have always used could be replaced!  NO MORE SPLINTERS!
sarcastic First off the title of this review may be a little misleading. The handsom Cat Collage t-shirt isn't really greater than Success or happiness, because it actually provides both those things. I found this t-shirt in the alley behind the Kmart near my car (Now most people will say "your car can be anywhere, it moves dummy" not this car, shes just for sleeping, and pretending to wait for someone in). Why anyone would throw this shirt will always be a mystery.   I haven't taken this shirt off since I found it. There are a few reasons for that. The first is that when I wear it I feel respected. When I walk down the street now large crowds of people seem to part, and they look at me with a kind of controlled fear. I believe this is because of the evil eye the tiger on the right gives anyone with fear or doubt in their hearts. The tiger on left gives stink-eyes to anyone who asks me if i'm leaving my parking spot.  The second reason i have yet to remove this shirt is because i have now set the fashion bar too high. I can't downgrade. Where am I going to find something as striking and visually pleasing to wear on my laundry day? The answer is nothing. Short of tatooing this image on my chest there is nothing earthly or celestial origin that can hold a candle to this beautiful fleece of black and blue. It is an understatement to say that this shirt is screen printed with a mixture of assertiveness and courage with a hint of playful instability. Its simply an eyegasm.  The third reason i haven't taken this shirt off is because it was wet when i first put it on, and due to a sort of full-body trenchfoot i can no longer remove this shirt without a surgical procedure or i risk infection or possibly death.  Saying that it is pleasing to the eye is simply an understatement. Look at it. It has 8 of the most beautifully drawn cats in the world on it. It has the type of cluttered variety that most t-shirt artist won't even attempt. Why wouldn't you want lions AND tigers on your shirt at the same time? Are you racist or something? I hope not. I think if 8 consenting cats want to get together on a t-shirt then by golly this is America and they should be allowed to. So big up to the BCC (Big Cat Collage T-shirt). If you want to do the most satisfying, enjoyable thing you have ever done in your life you will purchase this shirt. If you want to keep you job or make friends then go shop at the Gap or something.
sarcastic I went into Watchmen with high expectations because I know that it's suppose to be like the best graphic novel ever. but I was not only horribly disappointed, but utterly disgusted.  Watchmen is a film filled with over the top preachy narration and lines with little storyline advancement because of all the flashbacks and tries to make you understand the alternate history, that the first 3/4 of the film you have absolute no idea what it's trying to get at (unless, of course you are familiar with the graphic novel it's based upon). Then at the end you realize that it's the same old same old (though only universaly WESTERN idealism):  * human beings are inheritantely corrupt (thanks alot) * peace can only be achieved through catastrophe, in other words, without apocalyse or apocalyptical events, there can only be war (which I only agree to the degree that if you kept trying to convince people this, the religious fundies ought to be VERY HAPPY when they see this film) * There has to be a god-like scapegoat for it to be happen, and it's gonna be American (sorry Jesus Christ), and he will not actually be responsible for the apocalypse, only scapegoating it (ergo: if some God-like creature destroyed the entire human race, it's probably not his fault but corrupt human beings')  last but not least that made me most angry: *women: if you got pregnant from rape, you should ALWAYS have the kid, because the kid will always turn out to be the best thing that ever happen to you.   I have to admit that Watchmen hides its clichedness well, it wasn't until the very end did I actually realize all this. But there was a point in which I thought it might head into a though-provoking direction, that it might actually get at a point that makes you go "hmm... interesting," and that's when Dr. Manhattan raise the conscience: what is so special about the lives of human beings, or lives in general, most part of galaxy (or universe if you'll make that assumption that earth is unique with life) get along just fine without life.   Interestingly good point, cool, that made me think for a moment  then it got destroyed by the bottom-of-the barrel foolish "epiphany" of Dr. Manhattan that he should save human race because of Silk Spectral number two, because she is something good that came out of chaos. Therefore life must be special if "good life" can come out of chaos.  If you just sit there and think this though for a moment you'll see that this logic makes absolutely NO SENSE WHATSOEVER. Why? because if you already take the assumption that all lives (and non-lives) are equal, as Dr. M suggests because he's so high and mighty and all that, then how would "rape" be catagorized as "chaos?" Rape and rape-like things happen often in the animal and, some would argue, plant and bacterial kingdom. It's only the fact that rape brings suffering to human beings, and we, the human beings, must PERCEIVE it as chaos because it brings suffering to us (mostly the women), will makes it "chaos." So you must assume that:  1. there's something special and non-chaotic (good) about human lives 2. Rape brings suffering/chaos therefore conclusion: 3. rape is chaotic.  So this sudden "epiphany" of Dr. M basically just came out of nowhere, maybe it's because he does believe that human lives are special but just doesn't wanna show it since he's god and all that and it's just too humiliating and difficult to suffer in love in his condition. Not to mention after all the talk of anti-life, he's actually pro-life (not even pro-choice)!!  A friend suggested to me that (he has read the graphic novel) the point is the irony: corrupted human beings (the watchmen) are the ones to rise above to save the human race.  interesting but whether or not the graphic novel perserves this idea, the movie certainly does not. Why? because the watchmen (in the movie) who actually fought the crimes either did it to appease their own vanity (to be like pharohs, to bring divine justice) or did it for thrills (which is like most of them). Hey apocalypse is coming, what better way to spend your Last Days then to have sex and kick some butt? Dude I would totally go for it.   Overall this film is painful to watch, especially for humanists/feminists like me. The only thing I learned from this film is that kept getting people paranoid about world-ending does it's self-fufilling prophecy thing. Sadly I already knew that since I have a B.A. in Psychology.
sarcastic If Tori Spelling ever had anything remotely interesting on her mind (which is debatable), she has now officially run out of thoughts. Her third book "Uncharted TerriTORI" is an exercise in vapidity, in which Spelling disingenuously rambles on about the exact same subjects that her previous books were about -- and honestly, she usually comes across as a spoiled brat playing at being a grown-up.  A lot of her essays are on pretty mundane events -- meeting her hubby's understandably bitter ex-wife, the woes of motherhood, family vacations, stress, clinginess towards friends, jury duty, meeting her grandparents, her son's first day at school, swine flu, and so on. In the hands of a more self-aware person this wouldn't be a problem, but Spelling acts as if she is literally the first person to ever experience these things.  And she rambles about far less mundane things: what meanies the 90210 cast are (according to her, she was the "sweet" one and they should just LOVE her), sex in a hospital bed, overcoming the paparazzi, starring in a reality show, the terrors of staying at a cheap motel, and adopting a pig. Plus, she tries to overcome her aviatophobia by going to a psychic AND a past-life specialist, and tries to cure headaches with voodoo BEFORE consulting a doctor. Only in L.A., people.  "Uncharted TerriTORI" is basically a big puff pastry, filled with air and flakes -- and reading it is a lot like listening to someone nattering about the minutiae of their uninteresting life. Tori Spelling seems to have two modes of thought: either she is desperately trying to convince us that she's "just people" or she's dissecting mundane events and blowing them WILDLY out of proportion.   So unsurprisingly, a lot of "Uncharted TerriTORI" is painfully boring, as Spelling either does boring stuff or contemplates her own surgically-enhanced navel. The entire book is written in a coyly disingenuous style, with all the boring stuff only broken by moments of unintentionally hilarious melodrama -- just look at the scene where Spelling's husband rips out her IV and carries her (soap opera style) through the hospital, yelling for doctors. Who can take that seriously?  Spelling herself doesn't come across too well -- she seems pampered, clingy, whiny, and laughably entitled ("Maybe I was born into wealth as punishment for my behavior asn an Egyptian pharoah"). Additionally, her obsession with herself (a whole chapter on TWEETING!) is just painful. And though she spends a LOT of time trying to convince us that her marriage is not "loveless" as the tabloids say, her husband comes across as a manipulative creep who is just tolerating her.  "Uncharted TerriTORI" is an exercise in tedium, similar to dragging yourself across a very long bed of nails -- boring, painful and seemingly never over.
sarcastic A perfect date movie: you'll miss absolutely nothing of merit if you make out in the back row instead of watching the film.  
sarcastic Make no mistake, this is a candy bar masquarading as a nutrition bar.  With whopping 9 grams of sugar ( 45 calories ) almost 1/3 of the calories in total, you'll have a much more pleasant experience having a small candy bar.  I found the taste and texture so awful I had to spit it out.  To the delight of my squirrel friends, I tossed the rest of the bar outside where they promptly gobbled it up.  This is a gimmick created by this Dr. for cash purposes.  If he's such a great diet Dr., why doesn't he recommend you eat plain nuts?  An apple?  A yogurt?  There is nothing magical about this bar - eat ANYTHING that contains 170 calories with a glass of water a half hour before your meal and you'll probably be just as full.
sarcastic Just one example:  "Killing talk radio" is actually reviving the Fairness Doctrine where the media were required to allow alternate points of view.   Ronald Reagan killed this doctrine, allowing guys like Rush Limbaugh to spew their distortions and right wing propaganda nonstop for three hours every day of the week, with no one to challenge them.  Is allowing alternate points of view a bad thing?  Funny how the media is supposedly controlled by the liberals, but it is the conservatives who are so afraid of having alternate points of view.  Don't waste your time on this trash.
sarcastic Do you feel your child is about to go into the world without all the "necessary" skills? Do you feel your loved one isn't adequately prepared to face life's most daunting challenges? Have you ever wondered what to do if you're stuck on a raising drawbridge? Are you so paranoid that you look for an escape to every situation? If you answered yes to any and/or all of these questions, then buy this book, NOW! This is your bible to every worst-case situation that life may throw at you, and more.  But don't think this is strictly a humor book, and sure it may contain some of that, like how to escape from a costumed character/mascot, or you should escape a meeting by crawling under the table, but there's plenty of serious entries to go along. For example, if your elevator is plummeting, something I fear all the time, then you should lie flat on your stomach to distribute the force. They do go to experts for many of these entries, and although I wouldn't like to test any of them, I'm sure they're pretty useful in the situation.  It's the best-of the long-time series, sure to help with most any predicament you may find yourself in. And for further reference, this edition contains a CD with ever scenario, in full, complete with a few wallpapers and screensavers for good measure. Just be warned, every scenario is in Adobe Acrobat format, which I hate since it's such a difficult program to navigate.  Overall, you can't go wrong in giving this as a gift to somebody, whether you're giving it to them for practical or enjoyment purposes. I highly recommend it for any rainy day, paranoid people, or anybody who just ever wondered what to do if... well, you get the point.
sarcastic Immediately upon seeing the infomercial about the Snuggie, I was ecstatic!  I have been too stupid to use a normal blanket my whole life.  I often find myself violently exasperated when I am forced to answer the phone and my blanket falls off one shoulder, leaving me achingly cold.  I mean, why are blankets so slippery????  People have only been using blankets in one form or another since the dawn of man.....and they are just so damn inconvenient!  I have often expressed frustration with a society that forces us to conform to such barbaric notions at the "blanket."   Well, never again, my friend.  Never again.  Seriously.  This is the dumbest thing I have ever seen.  If I get one for christmas, I'm turning it into a dog bed.
sarcastic Sorry to see Charlaine Harris join the list of writers who are so driven by deadline pressure they can't create.  Remember what we all learned in elementary school, faced with that blank sheet of paper?  You can't just order up creativity and expect it to be good.  This is the third one of my favorite authors with series pressure to dissapoint.  Beware when an author thanks so many other people for their "help"!  Last time I looked, most great fiction was not written by a committee.  Harris is brilliant, when Harris is writing.  This looked like an outline, with some help from Harris and a lot of suggestions from other people.  People saying, write about Alcide.  Write about politics.  Write about fairy politics, etc.  There is no plot, no main conflict, no main resolution, no basic novel elements.  And we know Harris can write one hell of a plot when she is on her game.  I would rather the publisher just said "Harris has writer's block" than churn out this overpriced drivel with her name on it.  I would be willing to wait.  And tell the darn committee to leave her alone.
sarcastic I don't understand why anybody thinks this is at all good.  I'm a sci-fi geek through and through, from all the Star Treks, both BSG's, all the Stargates, Babylon 5 (and it's ill-fated spinoff Crusade), I'm usually cool with anything in space.  But my god.  Ridiculous? Awful? Cause of severe eye-bleeding? I'm not sure how I can really describe this show.  I probably even managed to make it through half the episodes without knowing or caring who was doing what before I gave up and sold it on here to some poor misguided soul. The acting is bad.  So is the writing.  And the western style is absurd.  Why in the H would people redevelop western accents?  Is the medieval British accent making a comeback? The whole thing is just a complete waste of a show.
sarcastic If you're looking for REAL heavy metal and if you are sick of that old fake crap (Megadeth, Dream Theater, 80s Metallica, Iron Maiden, Opeth, Queensryche, Borknagar etc - basically any of the clowns that only posers with no taste praise) then look no further. They show other talentless poser "metal" bands that solos suck and when they actually do solo - they do it better than any of those losers in the 80s. They show unknown posers with guitars like Malmsteen, Satriani, McLaughlin, Michael Romeo etc how to REALLY play an instrument. When I listen to this I feel soooooo deep. Like Amy lee, I am a tortured artist and too complicated and intelligent for the world to understand. That's why I'm anti-authority and anti-mainstream. Thankfully MTV caters to rebels such as myself.    LONG LIVE METAL!!!!1
sarcastic My 8 year old suffers from life threatening peanut allergies. Until I found this wonderful Soviet Russian made civilian/military gas mask manufactured just for children, my son Herbert spent 95% of his time under a sealed bubble tent at home. This excellent mask has really been a godsend as Herbert is now able to attend school, participate in his favorite sports, go to the movies, enjoy the Cub Scouts, etc. The large filter canister fits easily into the matching haversack which also carries his school books and other supplies. He does complain that the mask is hot and cumbersome but his words are muffled and well, easy to ignore. It is after all in his best interest. He will come to understand when he gets older.
sarcastic I originally bought workout pants made out of France's flag, but whenever my workout partner Hans would come over, for some reason they would turn completely white, a breeze would come out of nowhere, and they'd start flapping/waving in his direction.  Weird.  Anyway, since I got these star spangled beauties, I threw the other ones away.  And the best part is, I can wash them in hot water to get them really clean, because these colors don't run.
sarcastic An unknown author tries to "uncover" the Tiger Woods story?  We all know what happened that night.  This book is not worth the $15 for a used book.  Save your money.  Steve Helling; try getting a real story next time.  Stop wasting our time with this junk.
sarcastic Let's start off by saying that I am a big supporter of Apple and their products as well as a proud owner of an iMac, Macbook, iPods, and now the latest and greatest iPhone 4. And being the Apple fan (geek) that I am, I followed the live blog updates from WWDC 2010 a couple of weeks back to get the latest news on the unveiling of the phone. Announcements were being made for awesome new features like Facetime, Retina Display, etc. etc. and... drumroll please... a $29 piece of plastic combined with rubber that only went around the edge of the phone? Really? I mean, I understand that the back is left open for aesthetic purposes (baby got back) but I'm pretty sure that when I drop my phone (and I will drop my phone), my phone is most likely going to land on the back or the front and not on its side. So... I did a little bit of searching and this product was one the of few that took advantage of the iPhone leak (thanks to the guy who "left it at the bar"). And it really did take advantage. Very good fit, durable material, cut outs that make sense. And it didn't cost me 29 bucks. What more can I say? It's a case that fits and does what it supposed to do which is to protect the phone. And apparently also prevent signal loss to people who hold it in their left hand (I guess you can't post links in a review but if you check out engadget, there are a number of articles that will convince you that a case WITH a closed back is very much needed to protect your investment). Apple should've included the bumper in the packaging but hey, that's how businesses make money. So until they make a bumper where it can shoot laser beams or bring about world peace for a whopping 29 bucks, I think I will be sticking with this case.
sarcastic This book is a classic..... by what criteria, however, is beyond me. The foremost impression it gives is that of an oppressive tedium. Read fifty pages, you'll be bored. Read fifty more, you will surely feel your brain turning to lead. If there are any real characters under the absolutely arbitrary routines of the wretchedly two dimensional people who populate this book, well then they are buried under the crushing weight of circularly formatted lists chronicling the daily activities of these fickle, unmotivated drunks with no imaginations. Who happen to be getting bored and drunk in pretty places. Trust me, absolutely nothing happens, WHATSOEVER.  The lost generation this may have been. Judging by this book, what they really were missing was personality, a sense of purpose, and the ability to conceive of even a single shred of worthwhile, memorable drama. Lost all right. I dare you to try and read this and not lose your mind.
sarcastic Like many suburban homeowners, I like to kill and eat the wild animals that populate my backyard. To keep it sporting, I hunt naked, with my teeth and long sharpened fingernails as my only weapons. I've feasted on squirrel, raccoon, vole and numerous songbirds. But no matter how long I lay spread eagle and motionless in the hot noonday sun, I have never been able to outwit and catch any of the plump and juicy rabbits that hop just outside my reach and then bolt for the woods when I leap forward with a blood-curdling shriek. I have chased them at a dead run through the yards of the many unoccupied homes that surround mine but the pursuit always ends in frustration. But no more, thanks to Amazon. Every week, I order a fresh whole rabbit and affix it to a remote control car that is operated by one of my children. This way, I get the thrill of the hunt, and when the car's batteries are exhausted, I can leap upon it, bury my teeth into the rabbit's soft flesh and perform my ritual victory dance right there in the Walgreen's parking lot.
sarcastic  When I saw this image, I knew it would put my neighbor's patriotic lawn display of painting the rusted car on his front lawn red white and blue, and draping his trailer with American flags stolen from the memorial cemetery, to total shame. I'm going to wear it while sitting in front of my home in an inflatable kid's pool while knocking back the cold ones all summer just to rub it in his face!
sarcastic Putting this movie in your player can clear a room faster than a Fire Alarm. It was apparent when HISTORY OF THE WORLD PART I was released that Mel Brooks had blown his comedic gift, but I doubt anyone expected the man behind the truly great YOUNG FRANKENSTEIN to bottom out as completely as he did here. Witless and torturously unfunny, with nearly every tired, corny gag ponderously telegraphed minutes in advance, (It's...the...Statue...of...Liberty...                                                                 "Planet...Of...the...Apes"...joke...coming...up...in...a...moment).There's really no way for me to convey how unremittingly awful SPACEBALLS is. When I saw it in the theater, I can recall only two genuine laughs in the entire picture: The never-endingly long spaceship that just keeps on passing by at the beginning, and the "One Froggy Evening" / Looney Tunes reference during the ALIEN parody. I believe I spent the rest of the time retching.You'd be better off watching your toenails grow than punishing yourself by sitting through this mess.
sarcastic Everything is bad in this movie.....where should I start with?  1-EXTREMLY LONG!...the "climax" of the movie is like a torture, a normal lenght will be 10 ro 15 minutes, but in this one is like 40-50!!! and all because the stupid Autobots dropped Sam 25km away from Optimus spare parts!! I mean....could they be more stupid?? They could have left him near, but NO, it was a battle field, and he was defenseless.  2-TOO MUCH COMEDY - Parents, twin robots, bumblebee,fat computer nerds, conspirancy crazy guy....little decepticons....dumb giant robots.....Its amazing but the list can go on and on!!...arrogant teacher from THE OFFICE....Totally stupid! And there wasnt a single fun joke or scene between all this characters, in fact their attempts were so lame it was pathetic.  3-SQUARED CHARACTERS - No need to explain, all characters are robots (including humans) all predictable, all cliche, all repetitive.  4-THE CONSPIRANCY WAKO GIVING ORDERS TO THE ARMY - WTF??? Since when a civilian gives orders to the armada for using a secret weapon???  5-THE FLASHBACK OF THE MACHINE - we can see how the old autobots were having their AA meetings, and lots of caveman around it..and it was all surrounded by mountains....turns out thats Egypt...ya...there are so many mountains on Egypt today.  I could keep forever, but I erased from my memory most of the stupidities I saw, this are the worst that cannot be removed, and will torture me for the rest of my life.
sarcastic No, wait, I'm being sarcastic. This is a great novelty gift for preschoolers. No, no, I meant for hip cynical adults. Yeah, that's it.
sarcastic This is good phone. It is a phone, not an operating control for the space shuttle.  the phone arrived in the appropriate cannister, but it seemed that it had been tampered with.  at least it appeared to have been glued together.  after one month of use the phone has come apart.  I believe this is a recycled phone and so I would not recommend that you buy from this company.    finally, the phone is quite flimsy, if you put in in your pocket it will crack, if you drop it, it will break.  love the epaper, disappointed with the fragility of the thing.  imagine you are in the thirld world (the phone is designed to sell in poor asian and african markets), you put together a month worth of savings to buy this phone.  then while carrying out your daily labors the phone cracks, which is very easy to do...can you imagine the heartbreak.    I will not rebuy this phone model, although I love MOTOROLA.  
sarcastic What can one possibly say that isn't self explanatory?  Just as it looks - Band-Aids that look like bacon. Cool enough in it's own right.  I've been sitting here just *waiting* to cut myself just so I can slap one of these bad boys on, to the envy of all friends and coworkers. There's no doubt that a slab of bacon will heal any wound.  Comes w/ "free toy" too - a tiny little piglet figurine. How demented is that.
sarcastic Bill O'Reilly joins the ranks of people like Ann Coulter and Sean Hannity with "Culture Warrior" in producing a work that huffs and puffs over an America that might only exist in their own minds and the minds of their devoted fans. So let's take "Culture Warrior" seriously for a moment and give O'Reilly the benefit of the doubt: America is currently engaged in a cultrural "war" between conservatives and liberals for the soul of America and the battleground is largely the media (of which O'Reilly is a part of) and anything else considered "popular culture." O'Reilly uses various examples including the opinions of Hollywood figures such as Susan Sarandon, Jay Leno and his favorite, David Letterman. Apparently O'Reilly believes these guys in conjunction with rap music, are a national threat. Like Pat Buchanan's "State Of Emergency," "Culture Warrior" feels more like the worries and observations of someone who is watching history pass by and would like to turn the clock back. O'Reilly caters to the fears and worries of the conservative right by assuring them that we're the "good guys" and that Iraq is a just war(of course Mr. O'Reilly has never served a day in combat or actually participated in an armed conflict). "Culture Warrior" is a surprisingly short book, composed of much material from "The O'Reilly Factor" TV show, so it's not a very serious study to begin with, not because of the length, but because of the detail and quality of the content. At times O'Reilly comes across as one of those old-fashioned preachers who see Satan everywhere and must cast him out of your living room and television set. He taps into typical conservative slogans by using terms like "we need to be warriors," "you gotta fight back," "Islamofascism." He rants and raves about the key points to outdo your "opponent" when debating a "Secular Progressive." Like Buchanan, O'Reilly is shouting for an America that is quickly fading into the past, if it has not already faded. I would think a "Culture Warrior" would realize that cultures change, evolve, for better or worse, nothing stays the same forever. Like Ann Coulter, much of O'Reilly's prose here caters more to the elites in America, with disturbing undertones in the descriptions of "lower class" America. Is Bill O'Reilly really the most qualified voice to critique the merits of Hip Hop music? And haven't we had this same old tired argument since the days of Elvis? "Culture Warrior" is a requiem, a requiem bathed in self-dillusion about a "culture" that probably never existed to begin with. "Culture Warrior" will most likely fade with time as well, and in the future I imagine students will be reading Noam Chomsky to a higher degree than they ever will read Bill O'Reilly.
sarcastic The writing gets worse in the Twilight saga.  It makes VC Andrews (if you are old enough to remember those books) read like high literary prose.  But what teenaged girl can resist this plot of an unearthly gorgeous vampire (who is also wildly rich) in love with a mortal girl dealing with high school?  Apparently not many.
sarcastic When I first saw this T-Shirt, I think I cried for at least an hour. It is possibly the most beautiful thing I have ever seen, and I've seen the sunrise at the Grand Canyon, so I know a thing or two about beautiful things. I bought myself three of this shirt, and one for all of my family members' and friends' upcoming birthdays. All I can say is, I plan on wearing this shirt everyday, alternating between the three and doing my laundry every week or so, so that I never have to wear another shirt ever again. I was referred to this shirt by an aqquaintance, who told me how many women he picked up at Peep's, the local biker bar, with it. I can't wait to get mine!
sarcastic Two design flaws render this otherwise fine remote too frustrating to use for controlling Blu-ray (and DVD) movies.  1. No backlight or glowing keys, so operation in the dark is difficult. This wouldn't be a big issue if the buttons were better laid out and had some clues by touch to clarify their functions. But this is a big issue because of flaw #2...  2. The giant Stop button is positioned between the Play and Pause buttons, and all three are the same large size and shape. It's also between the Skip Back and Skip Forward buttons, horizontally, putting it right in the middle of all the most-used buttons.  It takes an impressive level of ineptitude to design a remote like this. Years of R&D on DVD remotes have wisely made Stop buttons smaller than other buttons, and placed them out of the way. Sony seems to have ignored that wisdom. It's much too easy to inadvertently tap the PS3 remote's large, centrally positioned stop button.  And unlike most DVD players, the PS3 has no "Are you sure you want to stop the disc?" warning, for when you do.  So when you accidentally stop your movie (which you will), it's a long and irritating process to find your place again on a Blu-ray disc.  It can take 5 minutes, depending on how many notices, previews, commercials and animated menus you have to get through again (some of which you can't skip past). And then you have to find where you were, risking seeing images or chapter titles that give away things you really didn't want to know yet. All this wasted time can kill the flow of a movie.  Hopefully there's a better remote that works with the PS3... one that was designed by people who test their products in real-world circumstances.
sarcastic The quick version of this book: If you're pretty and pouty, you too can land yourself a gorgeous vampire boyfriend who will continuously save your a**.  Let's take our main character first - Bella Swann. Yet another heroine who doesn't know she's beautiful and describes herself as shy but never exhibits the trait. The book is told in first person, which is unfortunate, because that means the reader is at ground zero for all of her insipid thoughts. She moves in with her father in his small town and holds contempt for just about everyone she meets at school, even though all they are doing is being friendly and including her. Not that any of this matters to Bella once she spots beautiful Edward. The next 500 pages are filled with purple descriptions of his magnificence, of how she's not worthy, of how could this god-like/Adonis-like creature stoop to love her.  I'm going to try to condense my irritation with Bella into a series of points:     * She's ridiculously clumsy, which is meant to be a fault, is passed off as charming, but basically just gives her an asinine reason not to run so Edward can save her.     * She "falls in love" with Edward within weeks of knowing him, and after a couple hundred pages, if he even mentions leaving, she hyperventilates and acts like her world will freaking collapse. Stalking is illegal in all 50 states, Bella.     * Whenever Eddikens so much as barely brushes his lips with hers, she either tries to rip his clothes off (natural) or her heart stops beating and she passes out. The girl hit the floor so many times in this book she put Giles to shame.  Which brings me to Edward. Angsty telepathic vampire Edward. While we have very little clear idea what Bella looks like, we get to hear about Eddiken's gorgeous, transcendental face and body over and over and over again. He's impossibly frustrating because he's been crammed with so many character traits, depending entirely on what the author wants him to be like at the time. He calls himself a monster and thinks he should have died all those years ago, but then totally lords his awesomeness over the mundane humans. And he is awesome. Lest you forget it, he's even awesomer than the rest of his vampire family at everything.   But the worst part about Edward is how he treats Bella. He is initially attracted to her because her smell is particularly attractive to him (okay, I'll bite) and because he can't read her thoughts. (Trust me, Eddikens, I'm lookin' right at 'em, and there ain't nothin' up there worth wondering about.) He knows he's a danger to her (woe!) and tells her straight off that it's better if they not be around each other (sorrow!)...and then he proceeds to hang all over her! He berates himself once every few pages for putting her in danger but never has the guts to fix the matter because he "just can't stay away from her" and "[she's his] life now." *wretch*  The author's writing style is unimpressive. Not bad, per se, but it wasn't giving me anything new. It all felt rather generic. Her vampires weren't bad - the "ultimate predators" and all that - but they were slightly ruined by her reasoning of why vamps can't go out in the sun. It's not because they'll burn up and die - it's because they glitter. That's right - these are GlamRock!Vampires. I also can see how Bella never takes Edward seriously when he tells her he's dangerous and she shouldn't want to be cursed with vampirism. Honestly, the author never shows us anything negative about the condition. It's all quick reflexes, superiority and baseball games with the fam.  The plot is bogus. Four hundred pages of ill-conceived romance and then a quick 100 pages of worse-conceived conflict. The romance, to put it frankly, is a little disturbing in how it borders on the obsessive, especially on Bella's side because he's just so, so, so beautiful!  And that's what bothers me the most about this book and the message that it sends to all of its rabid readers: the importance of beauty. Not inner beauty, either. Edward and his wonderful vampire family (all of whom are good because they don't feed on humans) are described over and over again in all of their wonderful physical qualities. They're cardboard characters for us to admire. Bella, of course, doesn't think of herself as beautiful, but the fact that she has four other boys in addition to the vampire falling all over themselves to please her begs to differ. I was willing to forgive the beauty of the vampires as a trait they acquire when they're turned, but a few others turn up later that are described as "nondescript" and ordinary-looking. And of course, they turn out to be the bad guys. Really, Stephanie Meyer?  I'm not buying it.  Or your sequels for that matter.
sarcastic This is a great mask to strike fear into those around you - an essentiality for the every day rapist or mugger
sarcastic I need to start off by saying this stuff is amazing! When a person is first given the list of ingredients for haggis, the stomach may turn a little. Being an adventurous food taster, I had to try it. Popping the can the contents appear to be similar to dog food. Once you mash it up and heat it in the microwave, the haggis transforms into a bowl of steamy goodness. Who would've thought that a conglomeration of sheep's hearts, lungs, and liver mixed with oats could taste so good? I definitley didn't. I was pleasantly surprised how the flavors meld into such a magnificent dish. Anyone in the states who is turned of by either the ingredients or shipping cost, should reconsider and give this stuff a whirl. (especially if you enjoy beef liver or chicken livers) This product is worth the price. I will be picking up this stuff many more times.
sarcastic Wouldn't this be the greatest buy in the world?  I ordered one just to see what would happen and they told me that it shipped on 2/15/10.  After about a week I emailed them and they confirmed that the packed had shipped on the 15th.  Today 3/8 I received another email saying that it must have been lost in the mail and I got my refund. Idon't know what kind of a game they are playing, but there are no winner. I was really hoping that one out a thousand chances i would get the unit.  Wishful thinking. They still have 93 available.  Best of luck
sarcastic No way, Bra! Tim and Eric is a whack rip off of the Jim and Derrick show, fool. Let me break it down for you, yo. Jim and Derrick be hella tight , yo. And stuff. Like hot chicks and hella mad whacks! Suck, swallow, release! Beahhtch! I saw Derrick Whipple in da flesh at Turbo Fuel Skatepark in Frisco, yo. He was doing mad tricks and hos, yo. That skit with the bunny and the honey had me cryin', yo. Fools always be tryin to git out of payin up, you know, yo. Bra. Anyway, I gotta run dawgs. I gotta go smoke outta my new pipe I just got for my 13th birfday. Me and my boy, tony, are gonna head down to brown town and find some herb and rolos. Peace, bra. Oh no you didn't! ha ha! Peace. You just got reviewed!
sarcastic Worst book ever. It had all this suspense that led absolutely nowhere. So if you're looking for extreme disappointment, look no further, you can find it in this book.
sarcastic I watched this movie twice, trying each time to do so with an open mind and see what all the hype about this movie was about. And each time I failed. The characters are battery-operated stock characters lousily acted by good (or potentially good) actors. We have the strict and egotistical father, the pragmatic and kind mother who holds the family together, the angst-ridden adolescent played by someone aged 21 (as if any teen who reads Nietzsche wants to go into the air force), the boozing-womanizer-Brooklynite grandfather (a depiction of Norman Mailer?), the depressed, pseudo-intellectual uncle (who does not act or look depressed at all during the film) and the princess daughter who enters into a beauty pageant. What happens between the beginning and the end is scarcely relevant, much less interesting: Van breaks down. Grandpa dies (none too soon). Daughter makes fun of beauty pageant contestants by doing a strip tease to the tune of Rick James' "Superfreak." Une vraie piece de restistance. Ha, more like a piece de merde. Don't waste your money on this waste of talent.
sarcastic For my entire life I have had one major problem...  I cannot for the life of me answer the phone while on the sofa with a blanket.  How many times do I have to fall off the sofa trying before I just let the answering machine pick up.  Now with the Snuggie I can answer the phone while on the sofa watching TV at 1AM!  THANK YOU SNUGGIE FOR SAVING MY LIFE!!    Ok, in reality this thing is a piece of junk.  Much thinner than they make it sound, no closure for the back, and you look like a member of Heaven's Gate.  All they need to send with it is a bottle of Red Kool-Aid and you are set for your 100% authentic Cult experience!  This makes a good gag gift, but be sure to get it ANYWHERE but their website unless you want to get ripped off on shipping and want to wait 10 weeks to get it.  10 weeks is too long for me to miss my 1AM phone calls.
sarcastic While this is still a very good show, it's already come dangerously close to jumping the shark (jumping the Sook?), in just it's second season.  I wanted to give it 3 1/2 stars but that's not possible here. I just couldn't bring myself to give it four, so I went with three. For starters, the show has veered much too far off on a tangent concerning the Maenad Maryann, and many, many viewers have been frustrated by it. Too little time was spent on the vampires of Dallas, which I found to be far more interesting.  Too much attention was also spent on the Jason/Fellowship of the Sun arc, which was a deviation from the book series. All in all, there was too much "filler" to get to the good stuff. The penultimate episode (#11, "Frenzy") was a disconcerted illogical mess with few highlights, and the portrayal of the vampire Queen of Louisiana, despite Evan Rachel Ward's beauty, left much to be desired, for whatever reasons. I think Holly Valance, who played "Lola" in the (now regrettably defunct) Moonlight episode "B.C" would've worked out better. "Frenzy" is widely regarded as by far the worst episode of the series so far, for various reasons.  Still, inevitably, many characters have been been interestingly further fleshed out from the first season, adding depth to the series; notably, Eric, Pam, Sam, Jason, Tara and her mother, but mostly the effervescent Lafayette, played by the very talented Nelsan Ellis.  While many deviations from the books have been made, some good, some bad, the decision to keep the character of Lafayette alive was definitely a good move. We also get to see, briefly, the darker, more powerful side of Eric. Anna Paquin is playing the role she was born to play, she just shines in her role as Sookie, and all in all, the cast is amazing, despite some lapses in judgement this year from the writing staff.  
sarcastic This is, without a doubt, the best black shirt with an angry monochrome dragon perched on two natural pillars on a cliff that I have ever seen. I know that when I get married, this is the undershirt I'll wear. The amount of awesome displayed on your chest canvas while wearing this shirt, obviously a shirt given to man by Zeus himself, is currently impossible to calculate using our current mathematical constructs. We actually need to devise a new form of mathematics which we should call Wurm Theory in order to parse the data. 	 I'm going to explain to you what it's like wearing this shirt. Each separate occasion merits a new stage of awesomeness being unlocked. 	 First wearing - You hear Sean Connery's voice command you to be the greatest. Whether you want to or not, while this shirt is on your back you will comply.  Second wearing - The best theme song of all time is instantly created for you and sung by the dragon on your shirt which, contrary to what you would assume, has an awe-inspiring singing voice.  Third wearing - You ascend to a higher level of consciousness.  Fourth wearing - The "what came first, the chicken or the egg" riddle is conclusively solved.  Fifth wearing - Zeus reveals his master plan and the meaning of life.  Sixth wearing - You get like, $0.20 off all your Starbucks purchases, and some places even let you take the cup you used the day before and knock an additional $0.05 if you use that. 	 PROS: Dragon on your shirt, Sean Connery finally gets some steady work again CONS: Some of the independently-owned Starbucks don't let you do the used cup thing.
sarcastic What an awesome idea for a childs toy. I bought one for my niece, wanting to instill the proper values in her starting at a young age. This baby doesn't cry, doesn't eat. All it wants is a smoke. And what's wrong with that? By the time I get home from another hellish day at the office that's all I want. Why not start early and learn those addictive coping habits before they get old enough to rebel. Now, if the company can just come out with one more baby. The others are coke baby, this one comes with a straw and a mirror. Heroin baby, comes with it's own set of syringes. And of course weed baby that comes with a huge blunt. The only one we're missing is crack/meth baby that comes with it's own pipes and is missing half it's head and an eye. Now THAT is one toy my niece cannot go without. Anyway....the smoking baby is fun, educational, and a must have. And in case you really are that stupid, yes this review is a joke. Lighten up. Or in this case....light up. :)
sarcastic Wow is this thing great!  I use it as a "mini-bar" when the friends and I go out to the bars.  I can quickly fix multiple shots of tequila for myself and the friends as we drive from one bar to the next.  We also discovered that if you place a pillow on top of it and turn on the cruise control you can catch quick naps on the interstate.  If you swerve to the left or right the rumble strips on the road wake you up in plenty of time before you get into trouble.  I can now take longer trips without being tired!  Also, i am now dating a midget and she fits nicely on the steering wheel desk which allows us to experiment sexually while driving.  This thing is like WD-40 or duct tape, it is a million and one uses!
sarcastic I bought this camera for my deployment to Iraq.  It was in my cargo pants pocket one day I took it out and the lens was cracked and the silver trim ring had fallen off.  I don't know how it broke but it did.  Anyways when I got home I contacted Kodak to fix it.  They said "Customer induced damage to the camera voids the warranty" they want $63 + $10.95 + tax to fix it OR I can send it to them and they will take 15% off a new camera if bought from the Kodak store.  No thanks, first and last time I'll buy a Kodak camera.  It's going to be a nice paperweight.
sarcastic Awkward sentences, conspiratorial, deluded and poorly developed, a patronisingly didactic tone and poor character development. Those are just a few of its virtues or flaws depending whether you have the fortune of literacy and the gift of sight or the gift of hearing should you decide to have this masterpiece read to you.  I recommend this to the homeless, it'll inspire jealousy when they realise there's a market for conspiracy, and to the people I don't like.
sarcastic I bought this helmet to use for a second rider on my motorcycle. It's only good for that if you don't like your rider. It is not very well made, it runs small and the shell feels like it would crack if you dropped it. Didn't give me a whole lot of confidence that it would protect someones head in an accident. But considering the price, I guess you really can't expect to much.  I would only recommend you use this helmet if you are riding a scooter or moped that doesn't get up to highway speeds.
sarcastic I had high hopes for this book, if for nothing else, then as a chuckle-inducing bathroom read.   I must say, I was gravely disappointed. The book literally did not elicit a single laugh from me, and most of the "suggestions" would only lead to you quickly becoming the supreme village idiot. The only reason I read the entire book was because I just had to know HOW bad this book could get. Quite bad, indeed, it reminds of a train wreck: so bad you just can't look away.   Now, I consider my self to have quite the sense of humor, yet this book just did not deliver on any level. If you consider yourself levelheaded, I'm sure you will agree.   If you want to read some real good chaff, go ahead and get this book. My copy is in the trash. I'm ashamed to have owned it.
sarcastic I've read several reviews from people who have wished that their Three Wolf Moon shirts had more wolves. It makes sense, right? The more wolves, the better. Yeah, and why don't you paint more angels on The Sistene Chapel, and correct the Mona Lisa's smile? While you're at it, maybe you could add a few tracks to Sgt. Pepper, and make the Great Wall even greater by adding a Starbucks and a Cinnabon. People, it's not like some art school dropout with an airbrush just pulled this design out of his . . . bag of tricks. No. There are three wolves and one moon for a reason.  Don't believe me? Let this be a cautionary tale. Two months ago I had the guy at Shirts Ahoy at the mall press on eleven more wolves. (Two more above the moon; one on each sleeve; six on the back, all howling.) Walking out of the store, I could feel the heat from my freshly pressed wolves, and I figured I was about to have the best day of my life and I should probably buy a lottery ticket. But my first hint that something was not quite right was when I passed three girls in skirts standing in front of Urban Outfitters, and I did not hear the familiar, gentle thud of panties hitting the floor. I figured they must be lesbians and continued to the parking lot. Driving to work, I observed that the other vehicles didn't move out of the way for me, and lights did not automatically turn green as I approached. Very strange. When I got to work, there was actually a pile of unpleasant paperwork where there is normally a giant pile of cash. As I sat at my desk, I began to get a headache and feel hunger, something that hadn't happened to me since I first donned the TWM. I asked a female coworker to help me peel off the eleven new wolves, but she refused and said she was taking back her recent offer to fulfill my every fantasy. So I did it myself. First I removed the six on back, then the two on the sleeves, then I put the shirt back on and removed the three above the moon. When I peeled off the final wolf, the coworker came back in, replaced my paperwork with a Wii, and told me she was reinstating her offer. I then heard a very familiar, gentle thud.  I may not understand the power of the lupine trinity. But hell, I don't understand electricity, or why the sky is blue. But I don't need to understand it; I only need to respect it. I will never mess with my TWM shirt again. I'm even careful when I bend over so I don't add an extra moon, if you know what I mean.
sarcastic As a history teacher at a high school full of unruly teenaged cretins, I am a firm believer of corporal punishment.  My classes are full of idiotic punks that would constantly interrupt my compelling lectures.  They'd shoot spitballs at me while I was expounding upon the Japanese Genpei Wars.  They would make rude comments about my weight while I was clarifying the complexities of the German Revolutions of 1848.  They would even post flyers that said "Mr. Anderson is a fat fairy" all around the campus.  Enough was enough!  Back when I was wielding an ordinary wooden ruler, I would only get laughed at.  I needed something that was capable of inflicting maximum damage.  Now that I'm swinging this beast, my class has been the perfect example of decorum.  Even the star quarterback of the football team quavers when threatened by this ruler's serrated edges.  Look who's laughing now, slackers!  --UPDATE-- Unfortunately I have been fired for the use of corporal punishment in my classrooms and am now working at a local Arby's.  I suggest only using this ruler for tearing paper...not students.
sarcastic This is a fitness system. Who needs fitness systems the most? Heavy people.   Guess what? I got on the balance board to be weighed and it told me I was too heavy to use it. Mind you I am not a "Biggest Loser" Candidate. I am just over the 250 lb limit.   Why would you build this without making it capable of working for bigger people? These are the people who want to lose weight in the privacy of their homes, until they are gym ready.   Completely stupid, upsetting, annoying and unfair. Wasted money.
sarcastic This is a very clever book on developing speed reading.  The author disguised it as a nonfiction account of the "liberal" news media, but as I discovered, if you only read the pages in which the author provides verifiable facts to support his reasoning, then you can finish the book before moving from the library book shelf.  Imagine, two hundred pages in five minutes!  I almost got finger blisters turning the pages so quickly. I learned years ago in college that when reading a non-fiction book, other than, let's say, most memoirs, that if the book is without reference materials, a bibliography, or notes that allows the reader to verify the information, then the book is most likely a sham.   "Bias" has zero references that would allow the curious reader to independently authenticate the writer's claims.  I also did not notice at least semi-complete transcripts to allow for the writer's alleged quotes to be understood in context.  The author is strictly operating on a "trust me" basis.  If that's good enough for you, then I have a 70's VW to sell you (only driven once, really would I lie!).   Regardless of your political orientation, the author should desire an intelligent audience.  By stating his views as proven facts, the author violates the trust given by his audience to treat them with intellectual respect.  Another book, "What Liberal Media?  The Truth About Bias and the News" by Eric Alterman, actually considers the accusations of the Bias author and finds the claims lacking substance.  Sure, Alterman is a liberal, but he gives a full forty pages of references (roughly a fifth of the Bias book's total pages) to back up his claims, and to allow the reader to look for her/himself.  In sum, if you want to know who is "Biased" consider who is preferring to hide the information vs. who gives it to you to make up your own mind.  I don't have to agree with all of Alterman's conclusions, but at least he gives me the opportunity to judge the facts on my own.
sarcastic This is pure hardcore punk people. This is the type of stuff that your parents can't listen to because it's too xtreme for them to handle. Not only is this hardcore anti-mainstream punk rock, it also has some of the greatest instrument work evar. I think only Kurt Cobain and Avril Lavigne can play guitar better than these guys. People bring names of unknown posers like John Petrucci, Jason Becker, Michael Romeo and Al di Meola, but fact is they suck because I've never heard of them (because they don't play their songs on TRL. That means they are a load of ass). The bass player is equally amazing, showing losers like Victor Wooten, Tony Levin, John Myung etc how to actually play the bass. And the drumming!! this guy is brilliant, and I don't mean like the so-called "brilliant drumming" of poser losers  like Donati or Portnoy or Cobham or any of those losers. I mean REAL talent. And where do you find talent? MTV and TRL of course!! this rocks almost as much as Ashlee Simpson
sarcastic What staggering chain reaction of catastrophes allowed Ann Coulter to command a pencil?   Clearly, an ego as huge and wantonly abrasive as hers belongs on daytime TV or talk radio.  She's ignorant, arrogant, and utterly vicious.  It hurts the conservatives to have someone like this on their side.  This book should have been called "Who Needs Facts?"  There isn't a single fact in this book.  I repeat, NOT ONE SINGLE FACT.  Coming up with moderately clever ways of stretching any viewpoint other than her own into an artless caricature of itself, then smugly and ruthlessly slamming everyone who holds that viewpoint, is much more fun (and more satisfying) than doing research.  Coulter doesn't need facts.  After all, if anyone asks her why liberals are evil, she can just tell them it's because God said so.  Let me assert that I am not a liberal only here to take potshots at a well-known conservative.  I am in the middle of the political road.  My view is that both extremes are usually wrong.  As an example, one of the guys in my workplace is the stereotypical angry young liberal: loud, opinionated, arrogant, abrasive, and ready to lay every problem in the civilized world at the feet of our current conservative President, GW Bush.  Obviously, there are things wrong out there that have nothing to do with President Bush, but you just can't tell this guy that.  As far as he's concerned, conservatives have ruined this country.  Ann Coulter is the same thing only backwards.  She would have you believe all liberals are boorish, unshaven, tree-hugging hooligans. They bathe in the blood of murdered babies. They want everyone else to have to bathe in the blood of murdered babies. They only stop short of international terrorism because they lack the ability to organize.  You think I'm exaggerating?  I'm not.  Coulter says things about liberals that I wouldn't say about Nazis (a group which, incidentally, she compares liberals to in several places).  This book entwines ignorance, invective, and outright fabrication into a wretched, half-congealed mess, and then presents it as "the truth".  It's not her ignorance that offends me.  It's her smug sense of superiority I can't stand.  I read a lot: I've got three large bookcases, all full, and this is the worst excuse for a book I can remember ever reading.    If you: are a hardcore conservative; are a hardcore Christian; are a fan of opinion in its most distilled and rarefied form; have a room-temperature IQ;  then this is your book.    Everyone else, stay away.
sarcastic If you are considering getting this trimmer, all you need to know is this: The 9 lockable length settings don't actually lock!! I tried putting it on length "3", but when I started to trim, it went down to length "2".  Then I started on length 2 and it went down to length 1.  Besides this, the cutting block is too far away from the thing that touches your face (not sure what it's called), so it's very hard to cut any hair at all unless you choose the length setting 3 or lower.  I know all this may come as a surprise to those of you who have had success with previous Norelco trimmers, but the fact is that this thing is a serious piece of Sh_t.  In my estimation, their aspirations to achieve the fancy "vacuum effect" has clouded what should be their primary goal with this device: to trim facial hair EVENLY and EFFECTIVELY!  I would have given this 0 stars if it would have been an option.
sarcastic Certain words from various sources have been quoted, describing Justin Cronin's The Passage as "gripping", "intense" and "epic". I guess The Passage is considered to be an epic, because it clocks in at close to 800 pages. But by the time I finished reading, I felt this was an epic fail of massive proportions, and unless another book comes along this year, The Passage will be my most disappointing and worst read book. The hype is not always correct, even when a well-known respected author supports a book in such a way where you must have it as soon as you can.  The Passage begins in the not so distant future, around the year 2014. The first paragraph is somewhat poetic and confusing, where you have to read it a few times to digest it; much like the majority of this book: "Before she became the Girl from Nowhere- the One Who Walked In, the first and Last and Only, who lives a thousand years- she was just a little girl in Iowa, named Amy."  Amy's mother, Jeanette, gave birth to Amy when she was only nineteen, impregnated by a married traveling salesman. Jeanette ends up becoming a prostitute. One night her latest John won't take no for an answer, and she kills him. Jeanette has no choice but to give up her six-year-old daughter and leaves Amy at a covenant. The nun who takes in Amy is a young black woman, Sister Lacey, who believes God sent Amy to her for a reason. Lacey has been having disturbing dreams. But this is nothing new since Lacey has been a little girl, she has always known, understood, because THE VOICE speaks to her. Lacey knows Amy will bring forth a new way of life on Earth. How does she know this? Because it's stated without any real reason given.  Around the same time Amy is abandoned by her mother and thought of the second coming of who knows what by Sister Lacey, Special Agent Brad Wolgast and his partner have criss-crossed all over the Unites States to pick up a select group of inmates to be experimented on by the government. This has come about because Harvard professor, Jonas Lear, has gone into the wilds of the Bolivian jungle along with a group of scientist and grad students on behalf of the USMRIID (United States Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases). Less than a month in, Lear has grave news. Through emails with one of his Harvard associates, he tells about an attack by bloodthirsty bats, causing death and sickness in his group. He and the victims are eventually rescued by the US military. Wolgast figures out pretty quickly why twelve special inmates have been chosen. They are being infected purposely with the bat virus founded by Lear. But when Wolgast's boss orders him to pick up Amy for testing, that is when Wolgast knows something more sinister is at play.  For some reason Amy is the key to this all. Again, no reason is given and should only be taken at face value. Wolgast will put his life in danger to save Amy. But by then it's too late. Wolgast and Amy are able to escape, but those twelve inmates have transformed into "virals", bloodthirsty, hiding in trees, almost zombie like creatures who crave blood. And from some mind hypnosis and hallucinations through dreams, they can control humans and are able to make their way out into the world.  Wolgast and Amy hide in the mountains. From very limited newspaper reports, he reads about the downfall of civilization and how the virals are infecting and multiplying. Amy has changed. She can no longer stand sunlight and doesn't seem to age, but hasn't crossed over as a viral for some reason. Again, no explanation why. There is one last resort by the US government to stop the viral apocalypse. An atomic bomb is dropped.  Ninety-two years after the virals have wreaked havoc on the Unites States, (there's no knowledge of how the other European countries have faired because all communication has ceased) the remaining humans, who were mainly children rounded up by the US military, have carved a life out for themselves. These closed off communities in the mid central United States have found a way to carry on. The virals only come out at night and attack, so the humans armed with their bow and arrows, and protective high protective fences, keep these creatures at bay. There is a select colony mentioned in the San Jacinto Mountains near California to show this perfectly. But lately everyone is on edge. Their source of electricity is running out and the virals are evolving. And then a young girl comes out of nowhere who some have dreamt of. She is Amy, the ageless, and the only one who can destroy the virals. The people of the First Colony must travel back to where it all began and bring Amy to the one who calls for her.  The first section of The Passage will grab hold and not let up. Cronin sets into motion a tension filled tale that you assume will have you shaking in fear. Unfortunately, due to very long winded paragraphs and so much information being handed out, without any explanation, The Passage is more of a mind numbing vision quest with heavy, almost in your face religious and spiritual mentions. I was so bogged down with so much telling and not enough showing. The majority of the time I was very confused. Cronin doesn't give any plausible reasons, and we are just supposed to take it as fact and move on.  Most of the characters appear, where we are privy to their backgrounds, much like a biography, and then they disappear, only to re-appear again and bring nothing more to the story. This happens way too often. I couldn't connect with anyone, not even Amy. I felt very much like an outsider as I read. The virals, that should be scary boogieman type creatures, were glazed over in such a way that when they barely come out from the shadows they are hiding in to cause shock and horror, were incredibly tame and dull if anything.   The overuse of the two words, "I am" became beyond tedious. Talk about a mantra that will give you a headache. Perhaps the title should have been I Am instead of The Passage? Amy can hear the virals' thoughts, as I am John, Dick, Harry... I am the former Walrus, goo goo ga joob.   I wasn't gripped, amazed or enthralled in any way. I felt like I was reading one of those literary journals I used for research back in college. 300 pages could have been eliminated easily to make it a much tighter read. In essence, the idea of a new spin on a vampire apocalypse sounds perfect, but the way Cronin wrote it, he has missed the mark big time. The Passage will no doubt become a best seller and will prove that a very lacking book can become an overnight sensation based on amazing hype, the support of much respected industry types, and an expensive marketing and promotion plan from the publisher.   Katiebabs
sarcastic Seldom a product comes around that arouses the senses in the way Tim and Eric Awesome Show: Great Job! does. When enjoying the show with my many coworkers and pets, I can't help but remember the great summer of 1993. For me, and many others, this is a return to the boldness yesteryear. It is a series that presents as many questions as it offers answers, sharing the joys of shrimp, sports and Bluetooth(tm) Technology with hundreds of millions of people across the globe.  Are Tim and Eric guide you like a Euchaetes egle? Maybe not. Could Richard Dunn be the next Dick Van Dyke? Perhaps on a perchance. Does David Liebe Heart tear at your heartstrings every time he opens his beautifully shaped mouth? A thousand times, yes.  Truly this 5-star cast will have you laughing as well as thinking within the first opening. Combine this with hundreds of celebrity guest appearances ranging from Oscar-winning Billy Crystals to music superstar DJ Douggpound and the viewer will have a euphoric experience presented in Digital Video Disk quality.   
sarcastic Can't power on. Freezed at beginning. Computer can't recognize it any more. Recorded voice is very low. If you buy it, prepare to throw it soon.
sarcastic It's been a year so I'm fuzzy on some details of the &quot;plot&quot; but I vividly remember how awful this was, even embarrassing to watch. I know very little about physics but I knew the &quot;science&quot; was bogus.  More problems: 1. Drunk Russian stereotype - yeah, he's smart enough to be  an astronaut but even their scientists are vodka-swilling boozehounds. 2.  Willis chases Affleck with shotgun after finding B.A. in bed with L.Tyler;  so unfunny and another movie cliche 3. Fire on asteroid? No oxygen for it  to burn. 4. No bomb can blow up asteroid that big 5. They become astronauts  after a few weeks training. 6. Bruce Willis' presence. 7. Yet more  stereotypes: Fat guy, big black guy, goofy yet smart little guy, etc. You  know the routine.  8. NASA people incompetent; stand around and let an oil  driller run show. 9. Love scene between LT and BA 10.Aerosmith soundtrack.  Don't always dislike them, but these songs were crappy. 11....ad infinitum:  The bad science I mentioned earlier. I wish a real asteroid had hit the set  when they were shooting this.  Absolutely horrific. Appalling. I was so  embarrassed to be watching this movie.  Please, spare yourself the torture.
sarcastic I have to admit that i have never laughed that hard after seeing a movie then i did when i saw this one. I was laughing out loud because this film reminded me of the crap my proffesors used to make the class watch on "the evil of america" and "taking down greed". Such comical propoganda devices that resembled those used in the 1950s, only instead of targeting communism they target american business. The lies in this film were so blatant that i felt like i was watching MSNBC or Fox. As a third generation cuban, my great grandmother was cubano, it was rather insulting to show cuba as this garden of eden for equality and freedom.But i eventually got over this because you cant let blatant lies and propoganda get you down otherwise the bullies in our culture like Mr. Moore win. If there is anyone that actually believes that Cuba has an admirable, free, health care system let me state some facts gathered from actuall cuban doctors and patients who managed to escape.   -IF there is a complication with the fetus of a pregnant woman the government forces an abortion. -If a child dies soon after birth the doctor will not record it as ever having lived at all (remember when moore stated that cuba enjoys a lower infant mortality rate? well there you go. thats the reason.) -That UN survey that states cuba as having a better health care system than us is on the survey, however the UN does not investigate countrie's health care systems, they simply take down whatever the country decides to report. Hmmmm....why should we believe what a communist dictator has to say about his own country? -Smuggled pictures show dilapidated hospitals, patients who are dying of starvation, neglect, and infection.   Those people that Moore shows in his film that have the high medical bills, you know the ones that are the helpless victims of our "disgusting, greed driven society". You will notice that all the people are middle class individuals with big screen tvs, 3 cars in the driveway, and an outstanding mortgage for a house that they cannot afford. Hmmmmm.....and im supposed to feel sorry for their utter stupidity and lack of regard for their own responsibility? Why is it that in this country people will pay $6 for a cup of coffee, and $50 for a videogame, but when it comes to their healthcare its simply "too expensive" and somehow the fault of "greedy businessmen". Maybe Moore should make a film about prioritization in america. About those people that throw their money away on material possessions but when their bills finally catch up with them they declare bankruptcy. It is trully a unique society we live in. their is such an utter disregard for responsibility and so many avenues and entitlement programs to cover your ass with.
sarcastic Hopefully you were smarter than me and read reviews before you bought this overpriced product. Put it this way. The instructions say "if you use a treatment wait 2 weeks before attempting another treatment" Well, after 2 treatments over 1 month didn't work for me I tried 3 treatment in 10 minutes, and each treatment was 10-20seconds over the recommended application time. Guess what happened? well, it is 2 weeks later, and the wart on my finger has doubled in size.  i have seen positive feedback on this product and i'm curious if they bought it when it was a very very small wart or a d-bag share holder/company man. 
sarcastic A nice printer rendered nearly useless by 2 reasons (so far) to hate this thing, had it about 2 weeks. #1: snatches paper like a starving man grabbing bread. Has snarled EVERY sheet of glossy brochure paper I've fed it! #2: Who wrote the software, a pinhead? If you remove a paper jam (see #1), or even do something as simple as replacing a cartridge, it signals "no paper fed" and then you have to print whatever it wanted like it or not, or fight with it by unplugging, turning off & on, turning pc off & back on, etc. etc. and it still doesn't always reset. I am just about to throw it through the wall! Update: two weeks later, after two printers and over 2 hours on the phone just now with amazon & hp, I can guarantee you I will never buy another HP product. Never. Ever.
sarcastic The "Hardest Thing" I've ever had to do Is listen to this cd, February 28, 2005 Recently I had the misfortune to be given this cd by a homeless man. I was coming home from my job at the paper clip factory, where I put paper clips into cardboard boxes, when I passed a man asking for spare change. I apologized because I had none to give him, and he handed me this cd. "Take this," he said in his grizzled wino voice. "I tried to sell it to make money for food but no one would buy it."  So I brought the disc home and put it into my cd player while I was cooking dinner for myself and my seventeen dogs and also my latest mistress, Angela Adams. I wish I had not put it in the cd player, because the music that came out was really not that good.  Imagine if the Backstreet Boys met O-Town for dinner, and the four least talented decided to step into the alleyway beside the restaurant for a few minutes and began to scat. N'Sync hears the racket and pops in to see if their services are needed, but Nick Lachey steps forward and says, "No, N'Sync! Go away! We don't want any danceable beats or r&b flava in our music!" So Justin Timberlake and crew slink back into the empty garage next door to practice their moonwalks.  Not only is the 98 Degrees music boring, but an examination of the cd itself reveals more issues.  1. The font which is used to write the words "And Rising" is an unfortunate choice. The components of the "d" in "and" are not joined as tightly as they might be, so the "d" looks like an "al." This changes the name of the album significantly.  2. The boys are standing in front of a wall of fire, which I assume is supposed to be a reference to their name, 98 Degrees, which is a warm temperature. However, any idiot knows that fire is much hotter than 98 Degrees. Human beings are hotter than 98 Degrees, usually by about .6 degrees, and they BURN when put into fire. In fact, 98 Degrees the temperature is not that hot, just like 98 Degrees the performing group.  3. Several of the members appear to have gotten tattoos of the band's name on their arms. How lame is that? Can you imagine if people in all bands did that? I bet Emma Bunton would feel really lame right now, what with the Spice Girls having broken up and become completely irrelevant to pop culture. What's that? 98 Degrees is no more? No one buys their music? Nick Lachey is best known as Mr. Jessica Simpson? Ha ha! Bet you're glad you got that tattoo now, sucker!  I recommend you not buy this cd. Buy anything else instead. I hear Britney Spears is genius.
sarcastic I understand setting. And build up. And suspense. So after reading 100  pages of this book, I didn't give it too much thought that nothing had happened. Here is my report of what happened after that:  200 pages: Nothing has happened.  300 pages: Nothing has happened.   350 pages: Nothing has happened.  400 pages: NOTHING HAS HAPPENED.  Are you Kidding me?  Wait. WAIT. On page 441, something happens. SOMETHING IS HAPPENING. O my God, this is it. Something is really going to happen! I plodded through this padded wasteland and finally something is going to happen!  Oh. Wait. It's resolved by page 451.   I'm not making this up.  So let me sum it up for you.   Bella falls for Edward because he is attractive (we are told he looks like an "angel" "is angelic" "is seraphic" and oh, again, "looks like an angel," on about pages 3, 4, 5, 10, 15, 17, 20, 33, 34, 35, 40, 44 . . . you get the idea. I understand that "angel" might not be in a thesaurus, but FOR GODDSAKES, find a new description. Also, his hair is described, alternately, as auburn and bronze. Did anyone else have a problem with the fact that these are completely different colors? Seriously.  So Bella loves Edward for his looks. How precious.  Edward loves Bella for her smell.   What a beautiful, timeless romance.   Spare me.   Also, was anyone painfully unimpressed with the whole Alice side-story? Meyer obviously planted the hints about Alice's missing memory, only to explain it away later to *shock and surprise* us, with something completely uninteresting. It's like the saying goes: if you see a gun in chapter one, it's going to go off in chapter three. But if the gun goes off in chapter three during target practice and only manages to hit a tree branch, did it even NEED to be in chapter one in the first place? The Alice thing was pointless. Call me when you have a real twist.  I imagine this book is lovely for ambitious twelve year olds who want to tackle a five hundred page novel. They will find it easy to do so, because Twilight reads like a painfully long letter an immature but stuck-up pre-adolescent writes to her pen pal.   I am SO SAD this passes for good teenage fiction.  And this is why, when someone announces she writes Young Adult fiction, that people say, "Why don't you want to write real books?"  And that Sucks.
sarcastic My son talked me into reading these books with him, and we loved them.   When we went to see the new Harry Potter movie, scenes for it came on during the trailers.   He recognized the story the second the preview started.  He was thrilled, and so was I.  What potential this unique and fun series had for a movie--or movies...I mean, they advertised that it was being brought to us by the people who make the Harry Potter movies.    The Potter movies stay so true to the book--taking care to absolutely keep things in the screenplay that are necessary to the plot line.    I wish I could say the same for this movie.    When it finally came out, we went to a movie theater in NJ that was right across the river from NYC.   We could see the Empire State building from the theater parking lot, and took it as a sign that the movie was going to rock.  We were so psyched to see it.    When we left the theater, I thought my son was going to cry, and I couldn't un-scrunch my eyebrows--huh?? I felt so bad for him, for me, for Rick Riordan...    We understand that it's impossible to make a movie exactly like a book-- but this was a travesty.  Every important aspect of the story was by-passed for the sake of special effects.    It's almost as if the screenwriter had been given a verbal summary of what the book was about, and took it from there. So many important plot points were left out or down right changed to the point that it would be impossible to even think about a sequel.    It's such a shame.  These stories have the "book made to movie" potential of the Potter series, or dare I say, a kids "Lord of the Rings".    If someone with vision had just read the books, the money used to make it could have been so much better spent.    It could have been knocked out of the park, but, alas, the ball was dropped and we all lost.
sarcastic I am now waiting on my second seat and car seat adaptor for months. I have written baby jogger 3 times now. They do not respond. This is just plain ridiculous. It now says on sites like Amazon that it will be late May before they ship. How can a company that ships baby products have such delays. By the time we get the car seat adaptor my daughter (already born last month) will no longer need it.
sarcastic Anyone whos truly knows muzak knows that Lindsay Lohan is one of the most talented young musakians in the world today. She has proved that many times. She also proved that she is one of the best guitarists every in the contempary cinema classic Freaky Friday. Have posers like Al Di Meola had their own movies where they document their so-called "great" guitar playing?? No. Do you know why? Because they suck. The Muzak on this album is some of the best ever. Lohan along with Avril Lavigne are the two best guitar players in the world. They are better than those "classical" posers who don't look cool at all. The drumming shows wannabees like Peart and Bruford how it should be done. The bass shows self-proclaimed bass "masters" like Stu Hamm that crappy "inversions" (I don't know what that means) and lame techniques like "tapping", "counterpoint" and "slap and pop" (I have no idea what these mean either) are just crap that losers with no talent do.  If you do not like this then you have bad taste.
sarcastic Maybe it's just me, but in about 1 or 2 months, the paint started coming off the joystick/pad with only the face of my thmb (no scratching).  Also, about a week later, It just stopped.  It died, no longer worked.  I took it apart and nothing was loose. I think the circuts got messed up.  Basically, if you are planning to do anything other than look at this gamepad, which isn't too pretty anway, don't purchase this (unless somebody pays you to do it)
sarcastic I am certain that there were a few people in the audience of this show who thought, "I could get up on stage and do what he's doing  if I had a full orchestra behind me." Guess what? They were probably right. Poor Rufus. His voice is very limited. It lacks power, strength, and is quite thin. It's not an attractive voice. As much as he strains (and strain he does), he simply can't sing this collection of standards with the expressiveness they are entitled to. He lacks the emotional depth (his between song anecdotes reveal him to be shallow and charmless. One anecdote has to do with him meeting the man who was the drummer who played in the original Judy Garland concert. Rufus' classy description of him: "he was old and smelly."). Whatever possessed him to go through with this mammoth vanity project? Perhaps the ghost of Judy Garland while she was on another pill and alcohol fueled lost weekend? I am amazed that anyone put up the money to produce this night of self-delusion and self-absorption. This is nothing but karaoke with an orchestra standing in place of the karaoke machine.  Ok, Rufus, the bar heard you sing once already. Shut up, sit down, and let someone else get a chance at the microphone. Why do I keep coming to this bar on karaoke night? Boy, do I have too much time on my hands. Hey, there's a cutie over there; I think I'll go over and say, "hello." Wait a minute! Who's singing now? Rufus again?! That's it, I'm outa here!
sarcastic That review above mine is just some crap written by some poser with no taste. 50 Cent is just as good as all those old "musicians" that you cherish. People give him crap because he can't read or write muzak. Even more people give him crap because he can't read or write. I've heard posers come out with garbage like "he merely exploits his image and shallow agenda because he wants money" and "his songs are retarded enough to allow him daily access to a wheelchair" etc etc etc. But I have one question for you. How many times have your precious "musicians" been shot? Everybody needs to remember that muzak quality (espeically in the case of rappers who the greatest musicians of them all) is based on the toughness. How many times has Beethoven been shot? Or Miles Davis? Or that poser with the violin? Exactly. Speaking of Beethoven, I don't know why people give him credit just because he made a bit of music when he was deaf. If you want a great musician with disabilities then go for 50 Cent.
sarcastic This item has wolves on it which makes it intrinsically sweet and worth 5 stars by itself, but once I tried it on, that's when the magic happened.  After checking to ensure that the shirt would properly cover my girth, I walked from my trailer to Wal-mart with the shirt on and was immediately approached by women.  The women knew from the wolves on my shirt that I, like a wolf, am a mysterious loner who knows how to 'howl at the moon' from time to time (if you catch my drift!).  The women that approached me wanted to know if I would be their boyfriend and/or give them money for something they called mehth. I told them no, because they didn't have enough teeth, and frankly a man with a wolf-shirt shouldn't settle for the first thing that comes to him.     I arrived at Wal-mart, mounted my courtesy-scooter (walking is such a drag!) sitting side saddle so that my wolves would show. While I was browsing tube socks, I could hear aroused asthmatic breathing behind me. I turned around to see a slightly sweaty dream in sweatpants and flip-flops standing there.  She told me she liked the wolves on my shirt, I told her I wanted to howl at her moon.  She offered me a swig from her mountain dew, and I drove my scooter, with her shuffling along side out the door and into the rest of our lives.  Thank you wolf shirt.   Pros: Fits my girthy frame, has wolves on it, attracts women Cons: Only 3 wolves (could probably use a few more on the 'guns'), cannot see wolves when sitting with arms crossed, wolves would have been better if they glowed in the dark.
sarcastic The Room is the greatest film ever produced.  Writer/director/producer/actor Tommy Wiseau is a jack of all trades visonary genius who could very well be the offspring of Clint Eastwood and Steven Spielberg.  Call him the Hitchcock of black comedy, the Orson Welles of symbolism, and the Martin Scorsese of sex scenes.  His foresight knows know limits.  He will plunder your heart and soul and leave you on the floor, breathless, panting for more of his vivid and penetrating mis-en-scene and astute aural pleasure enchanted with both harmony and discord.  You will call off work the next day.  You will find yourself living a life that cannot possibly be real.  You will begin questioning metaphysical reality as you find yourself trapped in a void of hate and condemnation.  Hate because you did not think of creating The Room first.  Condemnation as you relive your past failures.    But while The Room will have you calling into question the insane lament that you now find yourself dangling by, you will elope with your new lover and find solace in it's affair, it's tortuous ownership of your heart.  Such is the masochistic nature by which you must now live.  But do not fret!  You will worship The Room's takeover as a necessary love-hate balance which, in time, you will discover is truly a microcosm of the universe's chaotic beauty.  Embrace it, but never coddle it.  It is your new mistress.
sarcastic I am almost embarrassed to admit the lack of reviews regarding this particular piece of lost lore.  This protective article of clothing is much more than meets the eye.  Simple pixles from your computer screen couldn't possibly capture the majestic and unbridled power of this cloak.  There are *actual yeti hairs inscribed into each fiber of cotton.  Upon first donning this garment, all former vestiges of humanity are lost.  I was immediately transformed into a towering ogrillion figure, 12 feet at least, and began my rampage.  I hold no memories from this torrential act, however, the next day's paper gave insight to the destruction I, no doubt, wreaked.  The obituary section actually took up the entire contents of the paper, the Statesmen labeling this the worst case of killing-spree homicide the world has seen yet.  This is a definite must buy, considering the raw power of this more-than-celestial article.  Purchase this shirt today, and release the debiltating, dragging bonds of society.  Let go of your humanity and embrace the yeti.
sarcastic If you are looking for a really expensive paperweight, or need to replace the brick in your solid gold commode, the Archos is the device for you. However, if you are looking for any amount of *functionality*, there are volumes of viable choices that cost much less and actually work, such as any Android-based phone.      I have all sorts of Archos accessories that I can use with multiple stereos, televisions and computers and I've invested volumes of time now trying to get *any* combination of functionality that I can't get on something much cheaper -- like my netbook, or even my phone -- with little or no success.       To compare the application library that Archos provides [without using a hack another user has provided to access the Android Library] is like comparing the largest local mega-mall to a "7-11" corner store... assuming the corner store went bankrupt several years ago.      Alas, however, the hack only gets you past the software problems, and leaves you with the hardware and the firmware/operating system that Archos provides. The operating system is an Android variant, whose updates have only once removed my access to every other application [out of three total updates] which I applied at the recommendation of the Archos Customer support folks. And the hardware... well... once you get past the non-standard connectors for any of the other Archos accessories that don't connect quite correctly because of all the different variations between different Archos hardware components you can just bet that the documentation won't be able to help you troubleshoot any of the myriad of problems you are going to encounter on an on-going basis.      Fortunately, there is an on-line support forum for the dedicated, but for the *price* you pay, there are *much* better options available. If you are under the impression that the *form factor* will make it special, like I was... well good luck actually getting it to access anything, either on the internal hard drive [think reformatting, several times... maybe it will eventually work] or on your local network [I have no idea how a valid file that is stored on another machine that my Archos CAN see could be "corrupted", but I'm going research that the next time I have an hour or three to throw away...] or even from the directly-attached satellite receiver -- the codes provided by the documentation don't work, which I did not find even remotely surprising, but at least there's a trouble-shooting section that doesn't help...
sarcastic This book is psycho-babble at its worst. (Why five stars, then? Read on...) The king, for example, is "really" a penis, and therefore the whole game is "really" an attempt at castration, because both players attempt to mate the enemy king. Castling is protecting one's penis from the castrating father because it "hides away" the game's "penis". Riiiiiiiiight.  The queen's power, on the other hand, shows the mother's female power, and players who tend to swap queens early are afraid of women. Well, either that, or they are stronger in queenless positions because they are better in positional endgames than in tactical ones. And what about languages where the piece is not called a "queen" at all, such as Arabic or Hungarian? No matter--the very fact that it's *powerful* is enough for it to symbolize the power of women. Again, Riiiiiiiiiight.   Worse than such nonsense is Fine's buying of, apparently, every single tall tale of the "crazy chess player" kind and attributing the "real reasons" for the apocrypical story to deep-seated psychological problems. Hence Morphy's "fetishism" with women's shoes (never happened) or Alekhine's "throwing" a king across the room when he lost (ditto) "prove" their sexual masochism and/or sadism; etc., etc., etc.   The most puzzling part of the book is where Fine attribues deep, hidden psychological causes for *specific moves* masters made--of course, "proving" them all deranged in some way or another (all except himself, that is). A blunder is never a bluner, but only a result of a deep-seated, subconscious "masochistic" desire to be punished (by that standard, I am the worst masochist in the world...) A move that makes many threats isn't just a (usually) good move, it shows the deep-seated "agression" of the player, while a quiet winning move shows his "sadism". And so on and so forth.   This sort of thing would, perhaps, be understandable if the writer was ignorant about chess. After all, total ignorance of, say, politics or economics didn't stop psychoanalysts from "proving" what the "deep psychological reasons" for war or capitalism (or whatever) "really are". But Fine was a very strong player! He, of all people, should have known that chess masters do not think like that. Of course his excuse is the pychoanalyst's eternal excuse: you may not *think* you think like that, but that just proves you're "in denial" about the "deep subconscious roots" of your actions. On the other hand a total stranger, like Dr. Fine, from decades and continents away, can effortly tell us the "deep subconscious reasons" some master "really" made a certain move. How did Fine aquire this magical ability? From St. Freud, of course. For the third time: Riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiight.  In short, this books does, indeed, show us something about the psychology of the chess player. It shows us just how confused and laughable an obviously intelligent man, and a very strong chess player to boot--Dr. Fine himself--could become once he fell into the silly dogmatic nonsense of Fruedian psychonalaysis.   I therefore recommend you go right out and get the book! You'll never find a better example of rip-roaringly unintentionally funny psycho-babble. No comedian had ever a parody of psychoanalysis to match what's inside this irredeemingly awful book. It is *so* bad, it's good! This is the "Plan Nine from Outer Space" of Psychology books.
sarcastic Having recently moved into an upscale manufactured housing facility thanks to the luck conveyed upon me by my Three Wolf Moon t-shirt, I stumbled upon the Zubaz pants here at Amazon and decided that these would complement the crisp, confident, and rugged image conveyed by the T-shirt.   Black Zebra naturally, as these are the sartorial equivalent of the red power tie or a navy blazer with bright buttons.  My buddy has an original pair that I always admired.   I should warn that in direct sunlight the high contrast pattern of these pants, if viewed directly, can cause dizziness and disorientation.  That's why I keep my Oakley Blades on a leash around my neck, just in case.  I had just returned to my humble abode from the pheresis donation center when the UPS driver pulled up with my package.  Realizing what was being delivered I grabbed the box, thanked the driver and mostly ran up the five steps to my double wide.  Hopping on one foot while trying to get my acid washed jeans over my boots, I simultaneously opened the box with what pass for my teeth.  As I pulled the silky polyester over my legs I was simultaneously struck by a sense of awe and wonder.  That's when I fell over and nearly knocked myself out on the rear projection television in the living room.  In hindsight I should have realized that this was the first sign of trouble.  After putting the pants on and admiring them for a few hours, I went down to the Wal-Mart to get some scratch and wins.  I went over to Arbys and smoked half a pack of Marlboro Light Menthols down to the filter while I went carefully through the lottery tickets, rubbing each one on the Moon for luck.  After 25 tickets, I hadn't even won $2!!!!!  Perhaps it was the nicotine, perhaps it was the sheer awesomeness of my attire which overwhelmed me, but I didn't realize that this was another sign that things were not altogether correct.   In the next 48 hours I misplaced my keys, lost my job at Waffle House, was rejected by four women I tried to pick up, chipped my remaining front tooth when I botched a flying roundhouse kick breaking up a fight at the roadhouse, and even spilled ketchup on my Three Wolf Moon t-shirt while eating a chili-dog.  To add insult to injury, someone keyed my Camaro.  Three days later I found myself face down in a puddle of my own sick, choking back the tears of a wasted youth.  I don't know how to explain it but the awesome factor of the Three Wolf Moon T-Shirt is not in fact multiplied by the Zubaz pants.  It's like Cold Fusion - once you bring two multifarious confidence and testosterone factors into play, the inverse coalition of chronological extremes dipolarizes the original fulcrum.  That is to say, not only do they cancel each other out, you're screwed.  I've burned the pants, bought another Three Wolf Moon T-shirt and even tried the Breakthrough Wolf T-Shirt.  Nothing has restored my Mojo.  Upon quiet reflection I've come to accept my fate.  Don't let this happen to you!   Now to settle back for a tall glass of  Tuscan Whole Milk, 1 Gallon, 128 fl oz   You might enjoy it's nourishing and self defense properties as described in my recent review....
sarcastic No one should buy this book until the guy owns up and says what guild he is in.  I could write a guide on how to fly a 747 but when you find out I only actually fly model planes, the perspective changes.
sarcastic 1.  An ice-age can take place in 16 days. 2.  An artic hurricane can freeze helicopter fuel instantly but has no effect on normal household gas. 3.  An experienced explorer can walk from Philadelphia to NYC in one day in the worst blizzard in history. 4.  The President of the US will stay in the White House until the very end to "stay with the sinking ship". 5.  Books being burnt look remarkably like wood being burnt and apparently last a long time. 6.  In a massive flood in NYC, unmanned oil tankers will be able to circumnavigate the flooded streets to arrive at the door of the public library.   I'm sure there was a lot more I could have learned, but I was laughing too hard.
sarcastic Ben Kingsley, you really must have needed the money. Natasha Hentsridge was cast solely for that gorgeous body of hers; the producers knew that they had a ridiculously bad film on their hands and had to give the target  audience some reason not to complain. But complain I will, because I want  something resembling a real plot in my sci-fi; I want stimulation for more  than just my groin; I want my sense of plausibility to be stretched, not  tossed aside. This film is a mish-mash of retread effects, no thrills  whatsoever and way too many, "Oh, we just missed her again by seconds,  so let's chase her some more!" Wretched, simply wretched. Species,  since it's release, has been the movie by which I judge all others - for  awfulness. Whenever I see a truly terrible sci-fi movie, the first thought  that comes to mind is, "Well, it was better than Species."
sarcastic It's obvious to me the positive reviews here come from White people fascinated with Asian culture (anything Asian must be exotic and intriguing).  Just look at the review entitled &quot;multicultural Braveheart with Kim Chi.&quot;  I don't see any reviews for Braveheart entitled &quot;multicultural First Emperor with Haggis.&quot;  There was no Kim Chi in this movie.  There was also no &quot;love&quot; here, either.  The movie had the potential to have a love triangle, but love was neither talked about nor seen.  The closest that came to &quot;love&quot; in the film was an obsessive-psychotic guy who threw a spear at anyone who dared come within a foot of the princess.  The princess was an annoying primadonna who wasn't worth anyone's time.  There was no character development, and there were too many fight sequences.  If you want to see a good Asian movie with a war epic and a real love triangle, see Hero.
sarcastic Well as if the Nineteenth Century weren't bad enough we now have Penguin shoving it down our maws every other day with another re-issue of some tepid &quot;classic.&quot; Miss Bronte has done it again and wielded her  magic pen as a wand and cast her net of sleep on the unsuspecting reading  public of America. The only consolation the non-preteen girl reader can get  form this sack of slumber is the final realisation that  &quot;wuthering&quot; is British slang for &quot;your eyelids are getting  heavy, why don't you just nod off?&quot; I really have to say to Miss  Bronte that I did not find Garfield's antics convincing in the least.
sarcastic If you're a fan of awkward pauses, weak plotlines, and shirtless guys, this movie is for you.  By the end of the movie, it seemed like there was a lot of suspense, but not the right kind of suspense.  I found myself with enough time between the character's lines to figure out what I'm doing for the rest of the week/month.  A lot of times the pauses in the dialog were filled by grunts, sighs, and heavy breathing, which is more than a little uncomfortable.  Also, I found myself wondering how two such awesome genre's as Vampires and Werewolves would get themselves wrapped up in something as lame as a highschooler with a breathing problem.  Do yourself a favor and rent/buy/obsess over something else.
sarcastic Good for basic rythmn, but you'll never hear these in a live setting, unless you mike them.  Be like Mick Jaggar and get the really big gord models or better yet, some plastic or rawhide model, or a cylindrical shaker, you can at least hear them in the live setting.
sarcastic But, why should you buy this T&EASGJS2DVD? Simple. Flexibility!  The DVD can double as: Constant Feelings of Inescapable sorrow Disenfranchisement from peers and social groups Pretending its all ok Forgetting to take your medicine Driving a car off a slick, iced bridge It looks like an accident Smoldering metal wreckage A solitary smile, finally at peace.  Great for Dads and Grads! Buy it! 
sarcastic If you enjoy repeated phrases (e.g., &quot;fountain in a Love-In-Tokyo&quot;), overused metaphors, and capitalized words in the Middle Of Sentences For Effect, then this is the book for you.  Otherwise, rest assured that the title really is the best part of the book.
sarcastic If The Jackson 5 were little white-hippies, moved from Gary, Indiana down to Tulsa Oklahoma, had at least 2 less talented brothers, a lot less soul; a little less style, exchanged their Afros for some new goldy-locks, and were able to move from 1964 to 1997 then they might be Hanson.  I love Hanson!!!  Their raw talent to age ratio is absolutely undeniable in everyway.  Anyone who denounces "MMMBop" is an absolute liar.  1997 didn't have the greatest music to offer anyway!  One word: CREED was huge!  Okay, that was 3 words, but anyway...  Hanson had more soul in 1997 than most R&B artists.  Come on, Hanson owned the Spice Girls! and everyone who ever bought Bop magazine knows that's true.  Note: I've never bought a Bop magazine, because its trash.  anyway... "Middle of Nowhere" is the best tasting bubble gum you've almost ever had.  You know you're chewing bubble gum, you know what that is but you still want some, and you just can't get enough!!!  [Middle of Nowhere yielded 5 hits: "MMMBop", "Where's the Love", "I Will Come to You", "Weird", and "Thinking of You".]  If you weren't tapping your toe to "MMMBop" in 1997 then you were in a coma, or you just weren't tapping your toe in 1997.  It's true and I can prove it.  In closing Hanson could never be as bada>> as The Jackson 5, Creed isn't as bad as I made them out to be (but almost), and you should consider not being all high and mighty and buy Hanson's 1997 smash "MIDDLE OF NOWHERE;" if you play it in the middle of nowhere, no-one will make fun of you!  You might also land a girl who was about 12 or 13 in 1997 and now desperate for love at 24 or 25, and that in and of itself is worth the $7.99 that Amazon is currently charging... If you want the original and greatest child-star debut album off all-time then buy, "Diana Ross Presents the Jackson 5" it blows 99% of most modern music off the map.  MJ was BAD every since he was 9!!!  Sorry Taylor Hanson, you should have learned to moonwalk.
sarcastic Mom proudly displays Dad in this urn in her assisted living apartment.   After keeping Dad in a cardboard cylinder in the garage on the workbench near his tools, where he was most at home for a couple of years, Mom had to move to an assisted living facility. Since she talks to him every day, we had to prepare Dad for the move. He wasn't too happy about it, and he was pretty upset that we spent so much money for his new home, especially since the old one was free from the crematorium. He also wasn't too happy about being stuck in the same room with Mom all the time, because now he'd have to listen to her talking all day.   When I told him the urn was pretty soundproof, he said ok. So I poured him in. He just fit, but I spilled a little of him on the workbench.He was ok with that.   I guess we'll get the matching one for Mom when the time comes. Dad said to wait for a good sale, and be sure there's enough room for a phone so she won't nag him all day.   Dad, it's been almost 5 years, and I miss you like it was yesterday. Mom doesn't miss you so much. To her, you're still there.
sarcastic This was quite possibly the worst book I have ever read.  (Skimmed the last 50 pages hoping against hope to find something worth reading.  When the Library Journal review says "Not recommended," believe them!  I bought this from the $1 bin at a bookstore sale, and paid too much.  I was hoping to find a look into some of the inner workings of the FBI and some good stories.  Instead, I got a 210 page diatribe on how awful "that Clinton crowd" and "those Clinton people" were.  Aldrich chose the most unprofessional way possible for an "insider" to complain about the lack of professionalism of the Clinton administration.  (I did at least enjoy the irony - but not quite enough to give this piece of trash even one star.)  Whining about the Clinton's Christmas decorations?!!  He also makes it clear that he knew from day one that they were all going to be bad news because some of the men had earrings and pony tails!  And one woman dressed in all black and wore black fingernail polish, so he knew she was "unsuitable."  In this incredibly biased drivel, Aldrich manages to insult ALL Southerners, ALL liberals, ALL Democrats, ALL people in their 20's and 30's, ALL people who listen to rock music, and on and on and on.  He clearly believe that all people are homogeneous within groups that he can readily identify instantly by a few characteristics.  And he makes it clear that ALL Clinton administration people were horrible people, criminals, liars, drug users (and dealers).  If you see this piece of garbage in the $1 bin, save your money!  I give this 0 stars.  The site requires at least one star, but I would give it 0.
sarcastic This tank is great for clearing out the undead. Class 3 outbreak? Zombies around every corner? No problem if you have this tank. With its confortable passanger space and great sniper area on the roof, you will be ready to take down a mob of flesh-starved zombies. If you order the gps link-up with the official Badonkadonk Ion Cannon in orbit, you might even clear the infected area all by yourself (service is extra. $19.99 customer service on the Ion Cannon.) Killer sound, too, so that you can rekill to your favorite music. It has a loudspeaker outside so that the enemy can die to the sound of great music (and not each other's moans.) Overall its a very good tank. But the color selection could be better...   Also works great against your local terrorist organizations, nazi meetings, and communists.
sarcastic As was the case with quite a few other readers, I had been snookered into believing this was a near-universally lauded classic.  Hello?  The emperor has no clothes and this book has no redeeming qualities.  The writing style was absolutely maddening!    The only reason I read the entire thing was because I purchased the book and felt compelled to get my money's worth (not entirely possible with such a low quality "classic")  After reading it in its entirety, I felt the type of satisfaction one feels after completing a particularly odious chore.  Removing my copy from my home will be most satisfying.  Bottom line:  Boooooooooooooring!
sarcastic Oh em gee!  This is like the most bomb diggity fantastic album ever.  I want to permanently attach my earphones to my ear and blast Adam's music into my brain.  He is God.  I would do anything for this man.  I would even file my taxes on time if he asked me to.  I luv internet privacy.  Don't you?
sarcastic Please don't even bother watching the first 3 season's of this series because watching the 6th season is like watching a totally deferent show. Nothing is cohesive and if your an actual fan of the core 5 characters don't even bother because theirs hardly any interaction between them. I remember watching the pilot of this show and thinking it had some potential to be great especially with the whole relationship with Dan, Lucas, and Nathan. Six episodes into season 1 I was hooked, everything was so realistic fun and new. I actually found characters that I loved and rooted for and character developement was at all time high. Two seasons later I would never have thought I would stop watching, all the character developement that was built during season 2 & 3 was shot to hell with season 4. Characters & storylines turned OOC and god awful. I thought season 4 was the worse but I still had hope for the new seasons. HAHAH big mistake, season 6 has taken the cake and I have to say I blame the writing. I mean come on how many times do I have to watch Peyton near death, I seriously could care less how a totally unrealistic character can be thrown into life and death situations just to see her cry 85% of the season. And Dan, jesus can the guy die already, he has been poisened, hit by a car, tortured by a pschotic nanny (lmfao yes that actually did happen), oh and let me not forget he needs a heart transplant. He was close to getting one but nah a dog seemed to come across his new heart and got hungry and ate it, WTF! It's so sad that this show has come to a dog eating a friggen heart to entertain people. No wonder the ratings fell from a 3.3 to a 2.8. I say season 6 is just a cheap imatation of a daytime SOAP, really the two most annoying emo twin couple is having trouble with their pregnancy - SHOCKER! oh c'mon will the writers try to be a bit more creative. It's already been said that Lucas & Peyton is one of the worse/awkward couples together so get over it and stop trying to get people to feel sorry for them. I don't even want to get started on the useless side characters hogging up the screen. Season 6 is just awful and worse season to date, the creator should just jump off a cliff because his show is DEAD.
sarcastic WHENEVER I ACCIDENTALLY HIT THE CAPS LOCK KEY IN THE PAST, A LITTLE LIGHT WOULD COME ON. LITTLE DID I KNOW THAT LIGHT WAS JESUS TRYING TO GET AT MY BRAIN. BUT ONCE I LET HIM IN AND BURNED ALL MY BOOKS AND CONDOMS, I REALIZED THAT THE ONLY CHRISTIAN WAY TO WRITE IS IN ALL CAPS. OTHERWISE THE HOLY SPIRIT WON'T GET ACROSS TO ANYBODY!  THIS IS A FANTASTIC BOOK BUT MY BOOKSHELF IS A BIT SPARSE AS AFTER READING IT I BURNED ALL MY OTHER BOOKS, INCLUDING THE BIBLES AS THEY WERE WRITTEN PARTIALLY IN LOWERCASE LETTERS, OR AS I LIKE TO CALL THEM, THE DEVIL'S RUNES. CAN ANYONE RECOMMEND ME A GOOD ALLCAPS BIBLE?
sarcastic ...if you're an aspiring writer in need of a primer that gives never-ending examples of what NOT TO DO.  I'm working on a teen fantasy novel of my own, and Meyers' Twilight series never fails to remind me of the things I want to completely avoid in my own writing.  Let's consult the list, shall we?  1) THE BORING SUE HERIONE.  You may have heard of the Mary Sue, the perfect female protagonist who can do no wrong, who has unnatural beauty, who is beloved by all; Bella isn't quite a Mary Sue.  She's described (by herself, at least) as plain and is endlessly clumsy (though her clumsiness is so contrived that it seems like a magical Sue ability, practically).  She also has no interests, hobbies, or anything that she excels at in particular.  Despite these flaws, Bella nevertheless ends up a Sue because everyone loves her for reasons that defy explanation or logic.  Even when she is behaving in a selfish, whiny, and intolerable way, Bella is never called out for her behavior.  The only character who ever seems disgusted by Bella is Jessica, but since Jessica is written as a shrew anyway, we're clearly not meant to put much stock in her opinion.   2) FATED TRUE LOVE.  In my world, Fated True Love isn't romantic, it's lazy.  It says "hey, instead of working out why these characters are attracted to each other and showing how their relationship develops, I'm gonna just put it in the hands of FATE and have them fall in love for no reason whatsoever!"  Edward loves Bella because she smells good, which means Edward loves Bella like I love freshly baked bread.  Bella loves Edward because he's beautiful.  God-like.  So beautiful...really BEAUTIFUL, in case you missed it in all the numerous descriptive reminders.  But really, why do they love each other?  I have no idea.  Shakespeare was all too aware of the ridiculousness of star-crossed love, which is why he was smart and killed his teenaged lovers off.  But Bella and Edward's happiness hinges entirely on their togetherness.  What a strong, solid message to send to the young women of the world: happiness isn't something you create for yourself, oh no, it's something you can ONLY find in a beautiful, immortal man.  Bella's slow recognition of Jacob as a potential suitor was far more interesting and realistic, and it was teeth-gnashingly disappointing to see Bella repeatedly insist to herself that no one would ever do it for her again but Edward.  3) THE ZERO-HOUR PLOT.  Nothing much happens in Meyers' books, aside from Bella's enthrallment/suffering over Edward.  In the last few chapters, Meyers will attempt to inject some kind of conflict into the narrative, either in the form of James, Victoria, and Laurent ("Twilight") or the Volturi ("New Moon").  It's difficult to get invested in this conflict at the last minute, and again feels like a lazy, tacked-on, "oh right, I am writing a book, maybe something should happen!" move from the author.   Of course, as someone who hopes to be successful at writing teen fantasy, it's depressing to know that all I would need to do to achieve this success is construct a BORING SUE HEROINE, a FATED TRUE LOVE, and a ZERO HOUR PLOT.    Or maybe it's not depressing...maybe it's an incredible relief!  After all, coming up with those three things shouldn't be too hard.  If a lazy writer like Meyers can do it, anyone can!   For readers looking for good, solid teen-level fantasy featuring interesting heroines, more complex and realistic portrayals of love, and truly gripping plot, I recommend Diana Wynne Jones and Libba Bray.
sarcastic Take your friend out for beers before you waste your money on this thing. If you don't use it, it could last a very long time.
sarcastic People, this DVD is NOT for anyone who is already active and is less than 20 lbs. overweight. I bought this because it seemingly had three 20-minute cardio segments and I thought I'd get a great cardio workout. NOT. In the 1st segment, the instructor is primarily running his mouth (in an attempt to motivate) and not really participating much in the actual routine. All you see is several blubbery, out of shape, out of breath flabby folks who cannot stay in unison or use proper technique to save their lives. The viewer is left with a mish-mash of poor technique and a flamboyant instructor running his mouth (and hovering around the "boys"). This may be a helpful start for those who have never worked out in their lives and who are 75 lbs OR MORE overweight but for those of us who've been moderate-to extremely active and have less than 20-30 lbs. to lose, you may not find this DVD useful on any level. I am used to seeing in-shape and toned bodies on my workout DVD's, providing a VISUAL GOAL for myself. Right? Why would someone who is hoping to drop a few lbs want to see grossly out-of-shape folks on their TV screen? I give them props for getting off their bottoms and trying to get healthy. But I truly recommend this DVD to the extremely overweight and inactive. The other 2 segments at least have the instructors working out (more than the 1st instructor) but the routines are low-cardio and mundane. And of course, the group is way out of unison.  *I was aware that the Biggest Loser cast was in the video; I just didn't realize they'd be so awful and pathetic. Sorry for the unkind words.
sarcastic Ever notice in some of the reviews of this and similar books you'll sometimes see people refer to these books as &quot;my bible&quot;...contemplate that for a  moment... As Old Order  Establishments, such as Christianity,  painfully pass away, New Religions  rush in to fill the Void and &quot;Rationalism&quot; is one of them. The  Old Order was convinced that there was something &quot;wrong&quot; with  being human, (i.e. Original  Sin, The Fall, Ad Nauseam), and  Rational-Cognitive Behavioral Therapy,(sounds Orwellian doesn't it?), makes  the same mistake, though it pretends not to. Orthodox religion presented to  us what was and was not acceptable, what was and was not healthy, and  Rationalism has been quick to catch the falling garter as Old Dame   Christianity slowly passes into obscurity. Old Dogma is replaced by New  Dogma; but not to worry, it's New and Improved Dogma...&quot;Studies  Show&quot;...and all that jazz. But to be &quot;Saved&quot; you  &quot;must&quot;,(very un-Ellisan word, even if that's what he's really  saying), refute the self-defeating words in your head with New Mantras and  a New Outlook, and Nothing can be really THAT bad can it? Qualitatively  speaking, how does this Newspeak differ from the pronouncements of, say,  Bhagwan Rajneesh or any other would be Prophet with their  &quot;institutes&quot;, publications and Certified Practitioners, (Yes, you  can get a List of Certified Rational-Emotive therapists, just like you can  get a list of Christian Science Healers). There is something Tragic/Comic  about the image of poor folks walking the streets struggling to refute  their &quot;IB's&quot;, diligently doing their Charts  at night, trying  very hard to convince themselves that bliss is at hand, it's all in  &quot;The  Head&quot;.  I quite agree...just for different reasons. At a  time in my life when I was chronically hand-wringing about my life, about  what was &quot;True&quot;, whether I drank too much, about my tendency  toward the Love That Dare Not Speak Its Name and other Melodrama, my Best  Friend sat me down, looked me straight in the eye and  intoned...&quot;There's nothing wrong with you&quot;. Best of all, that bit  of Golden Wisdom didn't cost me a dime.
sarcastic This is is some of the best dick I've ever had...filled me up and is delicious. If you never have had the experience of chowing on some dick-- I highly recommend giving this one a shot.
sarcastic if your not to old to lose most of your olfactory senses(smell) then you probably won't be able to stand using this product. it has a VERY strong smell that could be smelled by my friends around me, while i was wearing a hat. it has a very strong checmical smell that is very noticable. i would rather lose my hair then smell like a chemical dump.
sarcastic I mean, I always wanted my crotch and my hands to have more in common, now they do!
sarcastic Seems like a good quality product, except that I CAN'T PUT IT TOGETHER!!!  I came missing some screws.  The instruction manual lists all included parts, but I'm missing 8 screws.  -- UPDATE --  Even if I were able to assemble the bike rack, my bike doesn't even fit on it.  The disc brakes hit the side bar before the wheel is fully in place.
